Okay. I'm confused.
You don't care if I go to Paris with Jane,
I'm sorry. I have to tell you something,
I have to go.
I'm an accessory to murder.
I think you've helped enough.
Gaby, please. I can't stand this anymore.
Can't we talk for a minute?
To be honest,
Wait. What do you mean?
He called us down to the station and grilled US one by one.
Why didn't he call me down there?
Good question, given this whole thing is about you.
What are you talking about?
Bree, he wants revenge. He wants to bring you down,
Gaby, please.
I will figure out a way to make things better.
don't talk.
Oh, my God! You brought it.
Now before I give it to you..
oh, well, that never works.
What I was going to say..
They're my whole world. I have nothing else.
You have nothing else?
That's a bad position to make a deal from.
Sorry.
Hey, you remember that deal I wanted to make with you?
But at least he's honest about it.
No. I wound up taking a different angle on the investigation.
Actually, you were the reason for that.
Me? What do you mean?
Do you remember when we were talking about this guy?
Yep.
That's the sauce my mother uses.
She likes cooking Italian because according to her,
Interesting.
I'll have to have you over for spaghetti some night.
I'm hungry now.
Oh. Um, okay.
Why don't you give me an hour and come over?
Will you cut up hot dogs into little chunks and mix them in with the sauce?
I don't have hot dogs.
Oh, it's all right; I do.
Hey, where you been?
I was talking with Penny.
What's wrong with you?
You can't hang out with your roommate's ex.
That's totally uncool.
No, it's fine. I don't care.
I'm over it.
Yeah, he's over it; that's why he's been whining all day
Is he making any progress?
Certainly.
It's not like I have to moderate my food intake
So, you guys want to do something tonight?
Nah, I can't. I got to pick up my mom from her water aerobics class.
18 overweight women flapping their arm fat in a swimming pool.
Looks like the manatee tank at Sea World.
For an hour and a half?
How could you get lost? Your phone has GPS.
Satellites are down. Solar flares.
There are no solar flares right now.
Yes, there are.
What I meant to say was my battery died.
What the hell was that about?
I don't know.
Do you think this is really Hillary Clinton doing it with Oprah?
Oh, we really need to get you a girl.
Leonard.
Oh, just come in!
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
What do you want, Sheldon?
Maybe this isn't a good time.
Tell me why you woke me up or I swear to God I will kill you.
No, I don't want to do it. You can do it.
Okay, you can take him for shoes.
I just took him for shoes.
Well, all I know is he says they hurt his feet.
Fine. I'll take him for shoes next Saturday.
You're taking him to Disneyland?
Well, he heard me making plans on the phone..
Was I going to say "no"?
All right.
But let me know if you're going to stuff him with junk food.
I don't want to bring home a nice dinner for him and see it go to waste.
We're going to Disneyland.
The cards seem completely out of order and random,
And the more cards you see..
you get a sense of how everything fits together.
They're taking us home tomorrow on a plane.
And I said no planes, but we don't have a choice,
Sorry. My bad"?
How are we doing here?
Hey, Jackson, you're talking to Sloan, right?
Keeping him updated.
Yeah. Not about work stuff, though.
He doesn't need that kind of pressure right now.
What is wrong with you two?
Arizona's not gonna lose her leg,
They're coming back.
So let's act like it.
They're gonna be fine.
We're all going to be fine.
How long are we saying that this is okay?
As long as she needs.
I, for one, find it refreshing.
They say, if you don't have something nice to say...
She never has anything nice to say.
Come on, Yang. I'm wide open. Just hit me.
I said no more damn restraints!
Look, she is clearly a danger.
She doesn't even belong on this floor.
Look, there is nothing physically wrong with her.
She belongs up in psych.
I am the chief of surgery and her husband.
Don't tell me where she belongs.
Well, with all due respect, sir,
Okay.
Okay. It's time.
It's time to get up.
They are gonna take you upstairs
And you're gonna go slack-jawed and cuckoo's nest.
And you'll never be you again.
Cristina, please, I am begging you. Please.
You have to say something.
Cristina, please.
Do you hear me?
Say something, please.
1,' 1EF
The tumor can recur too easily.
You need to dissect the two draining veins clear
You get it all, she's cured.
Well, that's much sexier, isn't it?
That's why we keep him around.
Thanks, Shepherd. I'd be happy to have you join me..
or if you'd like to observe.
I, um... probably have a class to teach.
Good luck.
She's right.
You're invaluable.
Great.
Oh, hey. Dr. Shepherd. This is pretty cool.
Oh, is that so?
Yeah. She just freed the first draining vein.
Yeah, I got it, Ross. Thanks.
There's bleeding on the sinus.
Suction.
Survive what? Cristina, this is life.
Bad things happen. It's hard.
You find your people,
Oh, god love you, Mer.
You know, so many horrible things have happened to you,
Go to Harvard,
Hey, your mother died here. Your husband was shot here.
George died here.
It's my life, and you were here for it, too.
I mean, now you sound like the same scary loner bitch
Like the past five years has never happened?
Well, you know, a part of me wishes it hadn't.
Oh, okay. Well, then you should just go then.
And you should not look back. Go.
Meredith..
No, you know, Cristina, you're right. I'm not your person.
And owen isn't your person.
Your person is you, and it always has been.
What the hell did they do to this guy out there?
Hold my hand.
I just feel like we're losing him, Derek.
Usually when I talk to him, I sense that he's there,
I'm so scared,
That's not gonna happen tonight.
Promise?
If he starts going south, I'll tell him to cut it out.
He'll do whatever I say.
Thank you.
You heard what I told her.
Don't make me look like an ass.
Pull it together.
A lot of people counting on you.
Damn it. I knew I shouldn't have gone home.
Is he okay? Did he code?
Just come see.
Oh, god. Where the hell is Shepherd?
Avery, tell me what's going on.
Torres.
Where you been?
Pretty amazing recovery, right?
Yeah, his SATs are good
Yeah, B.P. is 110 over 60.
And he's making inappropriate sexual comments to Brooks.
It's fine.
No, I still think that's weird.
Well, I know you do, but you're wrong.
You tell her she's beautiful just the way she is
And that is definitely not how I talk to patient.
No, but it's how you talk to a woman, Avery.
We're in the business
Again, sometimes when you talk,
She's a person on the precipice of change, Avery.
She's scared and she's worried.
God, the things we worry about.
So pointless.
And we get to help take that worry away.
It's why we're doctors.
It's actually why we're people,
And whether we walk away leaving them better
We control that, Avery
If you love someone,
I had that thought a lot, too.
And I didn't like myself for it,
I kept thinking about my wife and baby,
I only went on that plane because I was pissed at you.
So I kept wondering...
I'm only here because he's so selfish and thoughtless.
And no matter how hard I tried to make him better,
So now...
I keep wondering..
Why this would happen to someone like me,
So I guess I'm still pretty pissed off.
Would you get out of my room,
Hey. Look who's here.
Hey. We just had lunch,
Bye, baby. I'll see you tonight.
You need to take her to the park more.
She goes from that apartment to the day care.
She's indoors all day.
Okay.
Why the fuck would I do that?
What do they want?
Two and a half million dollars, unmarked.
Octavia gallery by 1:00 P.M. Or they cut her open.
Can your team prep by 1:00?
It'll be tight. It's lunchtime.
There's lots of exits.
We can expect heavy foot traffic.
We'll have snipers cover the exterior.
Snipers? We don't need snipers. I've got the cash.
I'm right behind you.
You tailing him?
Yeah, I've got eyes on him.
Do not turn around.
Do not acknowledge that you can hear me.
Wait for them to approach you, Mr. Denning.
You have him? He's out of my line of sight, Jane.
I don't want to say something that I'm gonna regret.
I don't even know
I feel really stupid. I just..
Nothing is gonna happen. We're just..
We're just gonna sit and talk. That's all.
I don't think so, Ben.
Hey, what's going on?
It's a disaster.
You know how I built my reputation?
How did you build your reputation?
Breaking down every crooked banker
You know, I do the wrong thing for the right reasons
Who do you think you'll be without your reputation?
Reputation, Mr. Cahill, is an idle impression,
Yeah.
Can you handle it?
I'll take care of my reputation.
What's gonna really bog us down now,
We got company.
The State of Louisiana from 1979 till now
I'm waiting for you to join them.
My profound ignorance uncovered something.
You been working with Arthur Denning the whole time
And now he's hanging you out to dry.
You are done.
Enjoy your pen.
Go ahead, motherfucker!
Mr. Abrams, I need you to put that down!
Didn't know I had that in me, did you? Oh.
Put it on the ground and back away from the weapon.
Oh, it has come to this, hasn't it?
It has come to this.
You do the wrong thing for the right reasons.
You stretch yourself
You want to see a man ain't got no limits?
You're going to jail.
Criminals go to jail.
I'm sorry about this, 'cause..
I don't like this kind of thing.
Please pardon the theatrics.
I can do it.
Yang's on my service.
Why don't you just go have a good day with amy, okay?
She's a laugh a minute.
Can you hold the door open, please?
Thank you.
Karev, what are you waiting for? Get on.
I-I just remembered. Dr. Hunt needs his lab results.
No, uh, Dr. Kepner has a couple of patients in the E.R.
Go help her.
Is Dr. Webber going up? I-I need an extra hand.
He sent me.
Oh, uh, I thought you were on Dr. Shepherd's service today.
He took Cristina.
Why? I mean, why?
You don't think she's okay, do you? 'cause I don't.
I mean, she was in the house this morning.
Did she spend the night? Because she's married.
And you will stay by his side all day...
Yes.
Even during lunch.
I don't think I'll be wanting lunch.
Yes, yes, I will.
Fine. Go get Dr. Sloan.
Decreased breath sounds on the right side.
I wasn't trying to hurt your feelings.
There's a few things I don't talk about,
Um, so is there any chest pain
What's the chance of me finishing a thought today?
Not great. Um, there's some compression,
Dr.Yang, can you book an o.R., please?
You'll be scrubbing in.
You know, if she wants to do it, you know, be my guest.
Fine.
Okay, that's my patient in there.
You're gonna let what's her face
Why don't you just shoot the guy?
Don't talk about shooting people in this building.
Don't criticize my surgeons.
Leave your patient. Go home.
okay, here we go. Here we go.
Check it out. Ew. Ew. Ew.
Okay, now I think I'm gonna gag.
Oh, look at grey. It looks like she's gonna heave.
She's looked like that all day.
I mean, I kinda wish I was in there.
What?
Seriously, how often does a case like this come long?
What the hell's the matter with you today?
Nothing, I
What?
Well, I thought I had some normal skin here,
What does that mean?
It means, Jerry's not going to get his skin grafts anytime soon.
He's gonna have a lot of open wounds.
So he was right.
He is gonna look like Frankenstein.
Maybe I should go update the wife.
You know, prepare her for the worst?
I like you more than I wanted to.
And, uh...
And I knew what this was.
I don't know what my problem is.
Well, I've got a couple of thoughts about that.
I thought I was the one person that you weren't gonna analyze.
Well, I'm not entirely sure it requires a professional.
I mean, either I'm wildly attractive,
incredible magnetism.
Or.. you, uh,
or only in town for a few weeks.
I'm getting my fucking rematch!
Sharp has declined to comment further
And sadly, like many former professional athletes,
Razor went back to Benson Shipbuilders in 1987
As the spotlight faded
Today, he runs a successful car dealership
Still, one can almost imagine him tonight
And just for the record, I never had jock itch.
What the hell is happening?
You didn't see yourself on TV?
T don't have a T. Bad for the brain
Oh, who cares about that?
Man, come on, like.
Why'd you drop out? Seriously.
You really wanna know?
Yeah.
Never told anybody this,
I wanna dance. The Bristol Stomp.
The Ching-a-Ling. Pony.
Stop, you really need to get a TV.
You don't know a good thing when you see it.
It's strong, but it goes down easy.
No, I hadn't heard that.
Yeah, you can knock him out with either hand.
Kind of like how you went down over and over in that last fight.
Got a comedian in the house.
Sir, why do you have to be so rude to me in my own place?
Easy, Kid, that's a lady you're talking to.
Are you sure, Joey,
Hey, asshole. It's been 30 years since those fights.
Your shit's getting boring.
Look, I wasn't prepared for that fight.
Second time? Sorry, Nora.
Lightning, it's me. What's the problem?
That degenerate out there! He replaced my girl, Maria!
Hey, don't say that. You don't even know the guy.
He looks like a nice guy.
No! Maria gives me the sponge bath!
Not this guy. His hands are like 30 grit sandpaper.
And he's throwing himself into it a little bit too much,
Christ, I've never been so clean in my entire life.
A bad movie?
It's a video game.
Right.
When did they unfreeze you, Captain America?
"Captain America"? You know, I'd like to take you down a peg,
A height joke. Thati was good. That's original.
Let me tell you something, Razor.
Height ain't nothing but a number.
See, in Thailand, I'm in the 95th percentile.
Which means I'm okay over there.
So, what you say can't hurt my feelings.
Let's talk turkey, Razor.
The guys that made this game saw your HBO special.
They loved it. I loved it.
Did I tell you I loved it? Because I really did.
Anyway, they wanna put you and Kid in the game.
Okay? Now wait, Before you say anything, hear me out.
All they do is videotape you throwing a couple punches,
Iust come in here and get it over with.
This is stupid. What is this mess?
"This mess" is the future.
Now, come on, Razor.
I don't got time to be playing with you all day.
You got male camel toe
"To infinity and beyond!", Stop it.
I'm playing. Come on, man.
I'm not doing this.
What you talking about? You look great.
I wish I could put you in a martini glass.
Looks good, huh? Money time, baby.
Looks good. Okay, Razor. Let's throw some jabs at Wilbur the dummy.
We're recording your punch form.
Okay.
One, two. One, two.
I missed him.
It don't look like you're missing any meals. I'm out of here.
No, you're not. Not till you admit that you quit the fight,
Why do you talk like that? It's embarrassing.
What do you mean?
I'm getting out of here, and "m asking nice.
Or what?
Just get out of the way.
Listen. Those punches
They're the same half-assed punches yotr threw 30 years ago
Check out this clip of two former Light Heavyweight Champs
In fact, Razor Sharp and Kid McDonnen's brawl
ome on, come o
Yeah, I'm the Green Champion and he's the Emerald SuperPussy.
Yeah, must be tough for you, huh? SuperPussy'?
Super Pussy.
You can't run or hide anymore, can you?
And you can't ignore me anymore.
Huh? You can't ignore me. Can't ignore me.
Will one of you hurry up and rape this guy, already?
Yo, Sharp, McDonnen.
They're gonna pay each of you 100 grand.
YOU just said 75. Now you went to 100?
Yeah, I was thinking about the thing at the house.
Don't worry, it ain't gonna happen.
Just give me the 15 grand you promised for the game.
Hey, jagoff, you promised him 15 grand?
Putting your thing where it doesn't belong. That's what you..
I can't. This is white people shit, man.
Son of a bitch. He ain't ever gonna fight me
Oh, yeah? What? Give me one
You're old. You're fat.
You got a bad back. You got weak knees.
Not quite "with flying colors."
So look, I'm gonna introduce you to a guy
Lou Camare, our promoter.
II would've met you at the press conference,
You know, my brother's the doctor who saw you.
And my other brother, he's the boxing commissioner.
This one was a little tricky.
Are you saying that I can bring my dog here too?
That's not what he said
Here's the thing
We gotta sell 5000 tickets, baby. Five thousand.
So I'm gonna need help promoting it.
Not individuals, both of you. Together. As a group, okay?
There 1U IS
Slots, entertainment,
Just ask these two.
Whoa, will you get a load of that hunk of meat?
Hey, watch your mouth, Billy "The Kid" McDonnen,
I'm right over here. Right over by the delicious prime rib.
Sorry, Henry "Razor" Sharp,
I didn't hear you as I am distracted
If you got a gambling problem, if you're a degenerate,
Cut! Please just follow the script, Razor.
It's not that.
This is exciting. Look who's here to meet me. Kid McDonnen.
You know him from the Internet. "Two old guys fighting."
You put on a couple pounds?
You're gonna get me in shape.
Oh, really?
He's gonna get me in shape.
Give us a couple minutes.
They can come
Watch us negotiate.
Okay. Okay!
Hey! All right.
Let's get real, kid.
Okay, let's get real.
Me training you, it ain't happening.
Well, this might be a problem,
You, my friend, are embarrassing yourself.
A great performer knows when it's time to get off the stage, kid.
What are you talking about? Foreman fought when he was old.
He was 15 years younger than you.
Yeah, and if you're going someplace cool,
No, I'm not going anywhere!
And I should be able to talk to you about these things.
Oh, what things?
How empty my life is?
You know, you have no idea what I do
Same as shopping for food.
And you never ask me what my master project is.
Because you told me not to ask!
Fine, since you won't let it go.
Does this...
look like the work of an unfulfilled slacker?
A mermaid costume?
Hand-sewn from my own design.
Have you ever stitched lycra?
It's like sewing water, Mitchell.
It looks a little small for Lily.
It's not for Lily.
It's for the cat.
It's a mermaid costume for the cat.
My master project.
It's a mermaid costume..
for a cat!
Okay. Hey, don't cry, okay?
They don't spay you, they fix you. You're a man!
I just want to stay one!
Phil, what's scaring you here?
That people are gonna think less of you as a man?
No, I'm afraid it's gonna hurt.
That's what this is about?
Wait, people think that?
That you're less of a man?
That never even occurred to me.
Look, no one's gonna think less of you.
And it hardly even hurts.
I'm unusually sensitive down there.
I'm gonna be with you the entire way.
Plus it's the fear of pain
That's easy for you to say. You're not afraid of anything.
Of course I'm afraid of stuff.
Like what?
Look..
You remember before, when I told you I was
For practical matters? Well, that wasn't true.
I'm kind of afraid of having a girl!
Give me a break. That's not a thing.
You'd just rather have a boy.
Everyone would rather have a boy.
No. I'm actually scared. I get boys.
Ay, no!
Oh! You're running out of arms, mom!
A maternity store's right over there!
What was that?
I don't know, but let's go!
We're still observing the D Notice.
But surely we're going to do something.
We are honouring the D Notice.
The voluntary D Notice!
It may be a sportsman-like gesture but we are making it.
We're not a chat room!
It's on CNN and FOX.
And MSNBC, Al Jazeera, NHK...
All right.
God! This planet!
OK, Sarah, cover the snatch itself.
Damon, public reaction.
Meera, the royal angle, upcoming marriage, etc.
Simon, set tone with Standards and Practices.
We need to explain this
Lorcan, the internet aspect, new paradigm,
Bibo, Dan, all graphics run past me.
Keep it functional... no Peppa Pigs.
Malaika, update the princess obit VT.
The Obit VT?
Mm-hm. First, an awkward phone call.
Least I can do is warn Tom.
We put a D Notice on it.
It's gone global, Tom.
I'm exploring contingency plans.
I briefed Callett.
Mr Callett. Noel, from Blue Eye.
Noel won an Emmy by his effects work on that
Sea of Tranquility.
You won't find better.
Can you map a head onto a body live?
Depends if your camera's moving.
Rule sheet specifies a single hand-held camera
Yeah, Gonzo style. He knows his shit. That's tough.
Different face mapped onto a live performer.
According to those stipulations.
Fringes of possibility...
Deadline's at four. We need to know if it's workable by two.
It has to.
Our embeds have ruled out the major players.
It's not AQ, not IRA.
This is what's left... . radicals, hate groups.
People who've threatened yourself or the royals.
They're being pulled in even as we speak.
For more than questioning, I hope.
Somebody know something.
If we all do it more, there'll be less waste overall lying around.
Is it still not on the telly?
Nothing. Must be a hoax.
Some major breaking news now here on UKN.
In the last few minutes,
I'm friendly when I drink. Very friendly when I'm grateful.
There's no comment at this time.
The Guardian are running a fucking live blog
Now only five hours away,
It's a day like no other.
The kidnap video has been watched by over 18 million people.
The social networking sites are a buzz
So while we wait for Downing Street to make a formal respond,
It won't come to that.
And if they don't find her?
MI5 have got a name.
They're surrounding the place now.
Where?
What?
Where's the place:
Technically, yes, but, so I thought, "Work with what we do know"
Algorithm.
All right, anyway, we also know it was uploaded at 3:16 AM.
I ran a nationwide traceback on uninterrupted one-way uploads
It came from somewhere in there.
Latest I-sat image on this area:
Looks like it had lights on.
We got him. We got him.
Alert the local team. We'll head out now.
Full squad. I'll man it.
With helmet-cam relay. We can watch the operation.
Press office, OK, Tom?
Yes!
Right. Confident?
If he kills her, there's no blood on your hands. Bottom line.
With hours to go before the deadline,
Joining US is actress Lydia...
Thought this story was coming from IB7.
Eh, it is. We trimmed the edges so it's coming direct.
Where are those twinkle tits from?
Actress, Downton Abbey, knows the princess.
This came for you, left at reception.
Thanks, Jack.
Courier dropped it off.
Know how to plug this in?
Oh! JeSUS Christ!
Jack, call the police. Please take it!
Get someone to shoot that first.
What the fuck is this?
Some more breaking news now,
UKN News has passed all material to Scotland Yard...
Fucking hell!
Oh, God! I can't watch this! He's got to do what they want.
Yes, he fucking has!
..a memory stick which contained a statement
This grim development comes just hours
We can get another Prime Minister.
We can't live without a princess.
Of course he should do it..
If he doesn't get her released, he's finished, isn't he?
Online polls suggest that 86% of voters
Damon Brown, UK...
When are Walker's team hitting the college?
They need time to..
Do what they were taught to! No more pissing around.
Julian's advising against...
And I'm advising for. They go in now. They go in now.
Where's my obit VT?
Yes.
There goes your RTS Award.
There must be something.
There's nothing there, Mike.
There'll be a clue. Some evidence.
We've done all we can.
You sent in a strike team to rescue a mannequin.
I'm sorry, Michael...
Fuck off, Julian!
Mike, it's 20 past three. We're out of time.
We're not out of time!
It's not going to happen.
To the public
To the public, this would be one man, to be blunt, of questionable popularity
They will not release her anyway. She's probably already dead.
If she isn't, he'll kill her and upload the video.
Everyone will see it. The world will see it.
The mood will border on insurrection and you will be destroyed,
You won't just be a disgraced politician,
The public, the Palace and the Party insist on compliance.
Fuck the Party!
Refuse, and I've been advised
Or that of your family.
But...
I've made arrangements for the broadcast.
The world's bloody broken.
and now appears to be heading west to Bankside Studios.
We've ratified the law.
After midnight, it'll be a criminal offence
They're doing an announcement beforehand to warn people of even watching,
...When public opinion has very much hardened,
As the 4pm deadline approaches, the whole nation is at a stand still
It's time to go in now.
...an unprecedented nature.
This is an official announcement.
In a few minutes,
..kidnapper's demand in the hope
Recording or possessing
All viewers are advised
The broadcast will commence after the following tone.
We're complying with all the stipulated rules.
So you'll have to keep going.
You'll have to see it through to the end.
Max, I'm not interested in your box.
Well, not for another ten years when we're still single.
I can't believe that tour guide
I mean, it's one thing for you, me,
I just hate that tour guy.
I hate that tour guy too!
Han, oh, my God!
It took us five years,
That's not true. Aren't you both an A-cup?
Can you believe he's telling his entire tour
Just to play devil's advocate,
Han, don't blow this,
Exactly.
And I hate him because that tour never eats in here.
He just keeps pushing his stupid
I don't want to hear anymore about that guy's hole!
Until ten years from now when you're still single.
Hey, everybody!
Well, it happened.
Ryan Seacrest came out?
Oh, Max, don't be silly.
No, I'm pretty sure that happened a couple of years ago.
My biggest dream has come true.
Kentucky Fried Chicken now comes
Okay, my second biggest dream.
I'm pregnant.
Oh, no, everyone just thinks that
It's not official. I haven't peed on a stick yet,
Well, we're about to find out in a minute
Sophie, the phrase is "race horse."
See, I got a whole bunch of these things
Yeah, I have what the doctors call
It'll be nice not to throw myself down a flight of stairs
Oh, all right, well.
Wish me luck, girls.
Oh, wait up, Sophie!
I'll hold the stick under you while you urinate.
Oleg, you're gonna make a great father.
Is it even possible for Sophie to have a baby?
I mean, didn't that window close around the same time
Well, we don't know how old she is.
Sophie's ageless, like a unicorn
Caroline, I found a city website
Why, what'd he do to you?
Oh, my God, those Tiffany windows
Oh, oh, my God, I'll be right back.
Where are you going?
Down to the city archives.
I need proof that those windows are legit.
If I'm not back when it's our turn to speak,
Just go on an on talking about nothing.
Got it. Pretend I'm you.
But you would need a miracle to find that proof in time.
I just got my period.
Either that, or I've been shot.
Sophie can still have a baby!
See, miracles can happen!
The woman is right there.
And like I've already said twice, Your Honor,
She's still not back. Keep going.
Your Honor, I've been working at that diner
I think we've heard everything this gentlemen
She was from Brooklyn!
I thought it was pertinent, Your Honor.
No, I already blew this once.
Finally, you admit you blew something
Oleg, you go.
I can't. The judge knows me
You go.
No, nothing good ever happened to me in a courtroom.
Every single time, they just gave me back to my mother.
I'll go.
Yeah, I've got something to say.
You're a lady judge.
You're smart and sharp. I'm gonna cut you up.
Gimme the keys and blow.
Excuse me.
Hey!
Now, here's how we're going to do this.
That's not a very good plan.
Get in the car!
You're gonna make me late.
And I hate being late.
I told you that wasn't a good plan.
You're late.
'm 36 seconds late.
There's several degrees of early and only one degree of late.
The island is like a cemetery to me now.
Easy on the drama, Dad, please.
Just promise me you won't stick me in the ground. Hmm?
Your mother was a good Catholic and everything,
You gonna get that, Junior?
I don't use the phone while I'm driving.
It's a hard world to get a break in
Please call me.
She's gonna come. Don't worry.
Can you believe these girls?
This is how they show their appreciation.
By being late for an appointment.
don't forget the Taliban.
I bet they like Evian in Fallujah.
Well, they don't really care for sparkling water.
They do prefer the flat.
Okay, Dad.
Junior, I don't think you have one ounce of wiggle room
Oh, nothing
I don't ask, they don't tell
Oh, look, um, Miss Unknown is calling again.
And what would make you think that "Unknown" is a Miss?
I'm just guessing.
Hello?
Is this the Transporter?
That depends who this is.
Hopefully, your next employer.
I don't do business over the phone.
Tomorrow then. 2:00 p.m. at the bar at the Majestic hotel.
How will I know who you are?
I'm a legitimate businessman, Inspector.
I have a lot of people who work for me.
And I can't possibly account for all of them.
Of course not. Though what I can't quite figure
I thought you said this was an electrical accident.
That is what the hotel is saying
name would presumably mean nothing
You're a quick study.
Are there any other rules I need to know about?
Once the deal is made, the deal never changes.
You change the deal, I drive away.
The deal is for one passenger.
You pick me up, drop me off
Any packages?
Two.
Weight?
104 kilos in total.
Is that a problem? I was told that you can transport anything
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
It's me. He left. You can proceed
Is there a problem?
No, it's just that it's a Chateau Cheval Blanc from the 2005 vintage.
I know, it says so on the label.
But it's 200 euros
Yeah.
No. I'm good, thanks.
Hello, Junior.
Dad, I don't think I'm going to be able to make dinner tonight.
Couple of things I need to take care of.
I'm sorry to hear that. I got us a really good bottle of wine.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'll just have to find someone else to share it with.
That sounds like a good plan.
Sounds like a perfect idea.
May I be of some assistance?
Thank you.
Do you mind holding that?
Of course.
Expensive taste.
What?
What's going on?
Oh, you're asking questions now?
No. I told you once I set the deal, the deal doesn't change.
And it hasn't. Here are my two lovely packages.
Gina, 49 kilos, Qiao, 55 kilos. 104 in all.
We should go.
You should go.
Out of the car. All of you. Now.
No one is getting out of the car, asshole. Now drive.
You think this is the first time someone's held a gun to my head?
No, I don't.
But it's gonna be the first time someone uses it.
Oh, she's a charmer.
Anna, there's a cop.
Okay, we don't have time to talk about this anymore.
Just show it to him already.
Show me what?
No good deed goes unpunished.
Monaco Police. Vehicle documents, please.
Window!
What is it gonna be, Frank?
ower the window.
Get out of the vehicle!
As only Mr. Turgin is authorized.
But as you will see, I was coerced.
First girl took my keys.
With both sets, she could open the security box by herself
And who was on the security post?
Voila
There's one more thing
He picked the one girl up,
The police found the car, what was left of it.
It was set fire to, but they were already gone.
You're okay, Dad?
Well, I've been sucker punched a lot in my time,
Stop right there.
How many more of you are there?
She's the last one.
Bhe is Estonian. rom Tallinn
Actually they've got very, very good vodka.
That's great, Dad.
If I were armed, you'd know it by now.
What do you want?
wanna make a new deal.
Thanks, but I think I'll pass.
You haven't heard the terms yet.
This should be good.
They're really very simple.
We're going to pay someone a visit,
That hurts my feelings.
I wouldn't do that if I were you. That touches your skin,
Headaches, Vomiting, convulsions,
Soup to nuts, it will kill a man in 12 hours.
I should kill you right now. All of you.
You could do that, but you'd be killing your father along with us.
You play ball, your father gets it.
You don't, he dies.
How do I know you're gonna hold up your end of the bargain?
Did I ever lie to you?
Besides, you don't have much of a choice.
I got all the girls that most fit the description on the video.
They're all here?
Well, you don't get to hear the Languedoc much these days
They love their Oeccitan.
My parents are from the Basque Country
I know the Basoue country well.
How do you know it?
Was a big aerospace industry tucked in all around there.
No, you make yourself comfortable.
Get undressed
Three girls dressed the same to rob a bank so no one knows who's who.
Are you asking me or telling me?
See, the thing I can't figure out is
In The Three Musketeers, there were really four.
One of us had to stay behind and look after dear old dad.
No. No, I don't think that's it.
You could have left him tied up in the boot.
Maybe we're smarter than the Three Musketeers.
You're not that smart if you're calling him "old"
I hope the transfer code works.
We're gonna find out. All right. Let's try.
Here we go.
Okay, hold on.
Yes! All good. Come on, let's go!
Let's get the hell out of here.
Shit.
Listen, there's been a complication, son. We're trapped
Do you have any idea how to get us out of here?
Are you towards the front wheel?
No, no, it's the main cargo hatch.
Stop the plane! I repeat, stop the plane!
Climb in the back
Okay, I'm going to count to five and you're going to jump.
What do you mean, jump?
What? No! We can't jump!
Junior!
How bad is it?
It's really bad!
Take the scarf and put pressure on it!
It's not working, we need a doctor.
If we don't outrun these guys, we're gonna need a bloody good lawyer too.
Tower to Air Star 669, you are going to crash.
Do you copy? 669, do you copy?
I repeat, you are going to crash.
You need to stop the engine right now!
Wake up!
If you hear me,
It's the trigger on your right.
Yeah, yeah, I see it.
Do it now!
It's just water in the vial.
There's nothing in his beer. We made it up.
So he's not gonna die?
Not from poison.
Be a dear and get me some rags and water, would you?
Look, the bullet is still in there.
f we don't get it out and the bleeding doesn't stop she is gonna die.
All right, we've wasted enough time getting here already.
We all agreed. No doctors.
No. No, we can't just let her die.
We knew it would be dangerous.
Okay, no doctors. Let's help her ourselves.
Can you pass me that bottle, would you?
Dad, that's great, Dad.
Can you get something to raise her leg up, please.
See if you can find some perfume,
Okay.
What do you want me to do with it?
All right. Take the rod off one of those clothes racks
What to do? To do what
See how many cobwebs you can get on there.
It's not exactly the Cleveland Clinic,
Put some pressure on that, would you, Junior?
You're okay. Shh, you're okay.
No one's dying today.
Jook who's there
How did this happen?
One second everything is fine, the next I wake up on the floor.
It's some kind of medical grade anesthetic.
They switched the tank for the fog machine.
One part I can't quite figure out though is
Hey Bellick, this is Mack in cell block.
We got some cons popping off.
Give 'em a smack, throw 'em on the line and write 'em up.
If you can't handle it,don't cash your paycheck this week.
This is not a good time, Doc.
I got a call a prisoner was suffering from heat exhaustion
We got a bunch of overheated cons getting loud in A-Wing.
I don't blame 'em. It's an oven in there
But you should go back to the infirmary building.
When things calm down,
I'm just looking out for your best interests.
And I appreciate that.
But Officer Bellick, you and I both know that
and I'm just looking out for your best interests.
Go right on in.
You wanna protect your prison rep?
Or you wanna get out of here?
What the hell's going on in here?
Well, these inmates became belligerent and they refused to rack in.
You locked it down with inmates still out of their cells?
We can handle 20 out-of-control inmates easier than 300.
What do you call a piece of white trash who couldn't pass the cops exam
A CO.
Get your hands off the fence.
Suck it, pig!
You know, Teddy, You really let me down.And that's hard to do,
That's right, Teddy.
I read your psych records.
I'm gonna kill you!
Hot as hell.
They'll wear themselves out eventually.
The call was a fake.
What about a stay of execution or... :?
No no It's legally insufficient.
What the hell does that mean?
Nod your head if you believe me.
Good man.
Theo.
What can we do for you today?
Hmm. This where it hurts?
A little higher and to the left
Your knee's held together by a rod and three screws.
I'm saving tenderness is normal. No more meds.
OK. Kwame, why are you back?
Inmates in cell block have compromised
A-Wing is shutting down.
It's popping off up in G Pop!
Somewhere on the other side of this wall
If we can get through this wall,we can get into the pipe.
Look around You're not gonna make it.
No blood needs to spill, Sink.
Then walk away.
We both know that ain't gonna happen.
Yeah?
That's one big pile of concrete.
How do you know where the pipe is?
We've got someone to show us where it is.
Oh, really? Who?
infection's not so bad.
but I'm going to give you a shot of penicillin just to make sure, okay?
This is Rizzo.Does anyone need back up, over?
Negative. A-Wing is evacuating and locked down.
Remain in B-Wing.
What's up, Doc?
Come on, Doc.
You don't wanna do this.
We're sorry. This line is experiencing technical difficulties.
You ever see one of them safari shows
Guess which one you are.
Tough little gorilla, ain't he?
I was raised to believe the devil's got some crazy power,
We don't need a sledgehammer.
What the hell am I supposed to do with this?
Sick Bay, please report.
Rizzo, is everything OK?
All clear in Sick Bay. Over.
Let the bulls worry about the noise.
We just need a few small holes.
How can we fit through small holes?
Ever hear of tensile strength?
Hooke's Law of elasticity?
What do you think?
If we drill holes in strategic locations,
How about speaking English?
We'll be able to break through the part of the wall that covers the pip
We go in through the tip of each horn,the eyes,
It makes a kind of X.
Let's get to it.
If I can get DIRT in there with some of the newer firepower...
Oh, yeah, so we can end the riots today and start funerals tomorrow?
I calculated the drill point coordinates,
Everything's been worked out so the image hits the right spot.
It's just math.
What if your math is wrong?
You'll drill into one of a dozen gas lines behind the wall.
There'll be an explosion and we'll be burned alive.
But you're good at math, right?
They're breaking out.
I-I don't know anything about show business,
I think we're gonna go.
Are you sure?
We were making fun of failed careers.
We didn't get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard's.
Hey, I work at the same university you do.
Why do you constantly feel the need to put down my husband?
Oh, I'm sure he does it out of love.
The same way my boyfriend makes me feel terrible
I think we're gonna go.
No, no, no. This is not a fight.
I-I was just excited that someone offered you a part
Now it's a fight.
Well, with that sorted out,
Howard started it.
I didn't do anything. I was just sitting here.
I wasn't referring to this evening.
Ten years ago, upon first seeing me,
Isn't it a little late to get plane tick...
..plane tickets? Yeah.
plane tickets? Yeah.
Will you please sto..
..Stop that? Okay.
I don't know what to do.
My car threw a rod and it's totaled.
I can't afford a new one, I have no job,
I'm so sorry.
I know it's a sensitive subject,
I did. I called them. The part's gone.
They gave it to someone else.
Now that girl's gonna get discovered and become famous
At least they talked about you on Letterman.
Come on, I can drive you wherever you need to go.
How? Unlike me, you have a job.
I'm just gonna have to go back to being a waitress..
.... like I will be for the rest of my life.
Leonard, would you wrap it up?
I'm sorry, is the fact that my life's falling apart
It is.
You were wrong, friend Howard.
She completely understood.
Have you heard back from Emily?
I have.
And I'm afraid she doesn't think you're right for her.
Who was that?
He's just an old customer of my dad's.
I didn't recognize him.
Yeah, he might bring his car in on Friday.
What's wrong with it?
Our job to find out.
I was thinking about the race tonight. We should get there early.
Five cars, the race is full. Pot should be, like, what?
Never mind that.
While Monarch was talking about you, I had a vision.
All right, here we go.
Quiet, okay? I happen to like his visions.
Pete, proceed, please.
I see water, and the sun, and.
How's the city?
It's different than I expected,
Are you still allergic to Mount Kisco?
Actually, Dino has something he wants to talk to you about.
I dGoubt that
Then you should have stayed in Manhattan.
You look beautiful
Good.
Have you got the roads locked down?
The road is Clear.
We are at the finish line and Benny is in the Cessna.
Liar One, you standing by?
Here we go with this again.
I wouldn't have to use that handle
doesn't mean I don't know how to fly.
You gotta have balls of titanium alloy to do what I do.
So I need a little respect. A little R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
All right, enough messing around. What's the status,
Clear, and this is "Maverick."
Mind if I watch?
Okay, gentlemen, please be advised, I got traffic ahead.
Repeat, I got traffic ahead.
That was close. He got lucky.
It's not luck. He's patient.
Sorry, little buddy.
My house!
Benny!
You bodied that guy's grocery cart.
What's wrong with you?
I figured, you know, you must be lost.
So, nothing has changed.
After 10 years, you wanna just pick up some locker room fight.
What do you want?
I wanna see you build a real car.
I got plenty of cars to build, Dino.
I do it.
I'll get the car here tomorrow.
Okay, I just wanna be the first to take the floor here and ask you...
Have you lost your mind?
You're gonna have us work for Dino Brewster?
Word
You don't wanna have anything to do with that piece of shit.
And, look, if this is about Anita, trying to get her back or something
Write a poem or some shit. Okay?
I'll help you out.
"Dear Anita, Nothing is sweeter than Anita
Just now!
Yo, forget about that fool and his turtleneck.
All right? Just tell him you're out.
We're doing fine without him.
We're not.
Okay. We're not doing fine.
That guy from earlier..
That guy is from the bank.
And he's just gonna keep coming back.
Tobey, if you say we need him,
Wait. We made five grand tonight.
It's gotta be enough to make the payment.
What about next month?
We'll figure it out.
We always do.
This time it's different, okay?
If you guys don't show up tomorrow to work on that car,
Hey, come on, guys.
This is Carroll Shelby. This is an opportunity of a lifetime.
We're doing this. All right? For Tobey.
9 30 tomorrow. Don't be late.
You're cheating, man. Quit cheating!
You just can't keep up.
Here we go.
All right, all right, all right.
Where is the rest of it
She's not from around here, Petey,
But why is it so fast?
It's 900 horsepower, baby.
Is that a lot?
Are you kidding me?
Petey.
Look, miss, this isn't the kind of car you can just go to the mall and buy.
Trust me when I say, it's one of a kind.
Can I see the engine?
5.8 liter, aluminum block,
Yeah, it's quite nice, actually.
I wasn't expecting that.
Hor was
Because I'm a woman? Or because I'm from England?
Mr. Shelby's first Cobra was built using an AC body made in England.
It had a Ford 260 CID V8 engine. Of course, you already knew that.
Life can be full of surprises.
smart because they have a fancy accent.
So, this is how it goes, is it?
You're very quiet, very tough,
Hey, Jules.
Three million is way too much for this car, Dino.
Well, that's what it costs.
Let's see what Ingram thinks.
I am what Ingram thinks,
Well, three is the number.
Three is absurd. That's why nobody has bid on it.
That's the best car I've driven since Indy.
You haven't driven it, Dino. Tobey's had the keys the whole time.
ears while you all get on the same page?
What's the top speed?
He's talking about a theoretical top speed.
I know that you don't really talk,
She'll go 230.
Top NASCAR speed ever was 228.
This car is faster.
8:00 a.m., tomorrow at Shepperton.
Ingram is going to buy it on the spot.
Por 3 million.
Hey.
That was some driving, son.
And hat is ome hel of a car.
It's going to cost me $3 million?
That's the price.
If you lose,
Well, that makes it interesting.
This is the biggest house I've ever seen.
It's my uncle's place.
Don't worry, he's in Monaco.
These aren't even legal in the United States.
They're all Euro-spec cars, so technically, they don't even exist here.
Are they some kind of Ferrari?
Koenigseg2 Agera R.
Top speed, 270 miles an hour.
But, Dino, I thought you didn't go faster than 180.
You got a big mouth for a fan.
Yeah, well, then let me race.
I' call Julia
Come on. Come to me.
That's my boy.
Is Joe in? Already on the road with the Beast.
If this thing works, we're gonna need that head start.
What about Finn?
We haven't convinced him yet, but we will. It's Finn.
But more importantly, do we even have a vehicle?
I'll know in an hour.
Hey, thanks for dropping it off
So, what do you think? First American car to win De Leon?
Definitely.
You don't even have an invite.
Monarch is gonna want this car in the race.
Nobody knows where the race is until you get the invite,
Well, on the low, we know it's in California, we just don't know where.
And we also know that ome of the drivers is.
Benny.
California is quite a big state
Okay, so what are your numbers telling you?
There's a drivers' meeting the night before the race.
And that means you have 45 hours or less
And your problem is.
We better get going
You're not going anywhere.
You need a right-seater.
And Ingram is not going to leave this car
44 hours and 52 minutes left
Okay.
Maybe we can just ditch her at a gas station or something
I'll broom her ass out. Okay?
Okay, so you've never been a right-seater.
Well, if you see something I'm doing wrong, just point it out.
First of all, you're wearing high heels.
We just call them heels.
But if it's a real problem, then I can always...
I've got a change of shoes in my overnight bag
You mean that bus, bus, bus.
Just so you know, your friend Benny sucks.
1ard left in one
You got some skills, boy. You know you bad.
You know you bad!
Beauty, it looks to me like you're all clear from here, my friend.
That's right.
I'm just gonna keep doing my thing, and.
Fly like an eagle, to the sea
You know, I get that driving fast is going to be necessary,
Are you sure about that?
Is that what you think?
Whatever you think about me,
Educate me.
So you think just because
Well, this is going to be the longest 44 hours and 11 minutes of your life.
I'm not trying to be an asshole. You don't have to try that hard.
hosts a secret race is hard to believe.
He's supposedly from an old wealthy family
Where's your head at, brother?
I'll never forget what I saw that day.
Listen, don't you worry.
Dino's gonna get what's coming to him.
Just don't forget why we're doing this.
I'll see you in Detroit, brother. Beast out.
I'm sorry about Pete.
He just left him there.
That's what I can't forgive.
That's what this is really about then, isn't it?
Good morning.
Roger that, Liar One.
Finn, you're back in the crew for all of 10 minutes
Man, you're gonna rue the day you started calling me that.
What, did you all of a sudden go to college, fool?
Wow. What a really ignorant thing to say.
God, are you ignorant
A reminder, the Motown Marathon races through town this weekend.
Romeo, stand by.
Standing by.
But for today's traffic, we go live to Romeo in the Channel 10 traffic helicopter.
Is Romeo in the helicopter? What's going on?
Bum, bum Looking good, Beth.
Real good.
Commercial! Hey, cut to commercial!
Hey, Liar One, eyes on the road.
I did not see that.
We'll stop him before he gets on the 375.
All right, Beauty, this is gonna sound insane,
Roger.
What's a grasshopper?
You may wanna close your eyes for this.
Is it worse than "Bus, bus, bus"
Spread your wings, Beauty!
What just happened? You're amazing
Okay, got to go. Time's up in the bird.
That was amazing. You're amazing.
We are amazing.
All units, please be advised, silver Mustang last seen on 375
State dispatch status on Arrow One. Needed for immediate officer assistance.
Suspect believed to be heading westbound on 94.
Arrow One en route. ETA is in five.
Jiar One, are you tracking that air bear heading to I-94?
If he spots me, it's game over. We're gonna need to switch to plan B.
Hey, Beast, take the shoulder, I'll go with you.
Roger that, Beauty.
All units be advised, we're on the lookout for a silver Mustang,
Arrow One, 10-4?
I need eyes on that bear in the air, Liar One. What's your 20?
Still on the ground, Beauty.
Come on, Susan.
Don't let me down, baby. Come on..
Dispatch, this is Arrow One. 10-27 in the area.
No visual at this time.
Bear in the air is fangs-out down I-04
"Redneck"? So, we're heading south.
All units be advised, Ford Mustang, New York plate.
Adam-David-Tom 4-6-1-9, last seen headed westbound on 94
It was just a matter of time.
Yeah, well, you sped it up with your little stunt in Detroit
No, not Just that.
Kids, I'm looking at something that I can't quite believe.
I mean, my inbox is white hot.
I got a bunch of trolls sending me footage of something that is mind-blowing.
I'm looking at footage of a car that supposedly disappeared
I'm looking at a gorgeous ghost.
And I think that's Tobey Marshall inside there,
So I bow down to Tobey Marshall.
Dino Brewster is on the line right now. Dino!
I just don't wanna see him race at De Leon.
You know, in fact,
that puts a stop to Tobey Marshall.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, did you just say what I think you said?
That car is one of three in the world
Yes, I am. And I'm gonna post some pictures online
This is too good.
I got star-crossed lovers hauling ass across the country.
Man. Christmas came early, wing nuts.
The thing you gotta understand is, racing is an art
Racing with passion...
Dude, that's high art.
Man, I can feel love and vengeance
Monarch, this is the blonde female sitting right next to Tobey Marshall
she's sitting next to Tobey Marshall.
Having a spot of tea, are you, dove?
There were three cars in the race the day that Fete died, that's a fact.
And anyone that says that Tobey is responsible for Pete's death, answer this
He did the time, he paid the debts, why would he risk it?
Next time you talk to Dino, you can ask him that question.
Thank you.
Youl're welcome.
I like this girl.
Yeah, the British are coming. I gotta tell you, I'm moved. I am.
The whole thing just went right here to the old ticker.
I gotta pop one of these.
This is getting good.
I believe you, you crazy little tart.
That's a deep rivalry right there.
Yeah. I hear you, honey. I hear you.
at killer speeds to prove something
Born to run, baby. Born to run.
Tobey Marshall,
That was on purpose. Yeah, thanks to Dino's bounty.
They're coming at you.
Copy that.
Wait, wait. See? They're trying to trap us. Here, just drift onto the shoulder.
No, no, no, I'm going for the Hummer.
I'm surprised you made it.
I'm impressed.
What's going on in that head of yours, Tobey?
You never went back for him.
I wasn't there
was there to comfort Anita at the funeral
Do you wanna do this here?
Because one of us is on parole.
But you know that, right?
Watch yourself, Tobey.
See you tomorrow.
You ran into him, didn't you?
You need to forget about it
I think you need to get out of the car.
And you need a hot shower, and you need a good meal,
No, I think it's best if you just stay with me tonight.
You know, it's just safer
Right? Yeah.
Look at you. Okay.
Beast
All right, we're on our way. We're on our way.
This is my Soup Can.
Is it possible to get a laptop?
Sure. I'll be right back.
Hey, what's up, baby? What's your name?
Right.
Do you have an iPad I can borrow? Please?
We've got our lineup. Each driver takes his spot at the starting line
Row two is the Goch in a Saleen S.
No sign of Tobey Marshall.
I don't really know what all that's about, but I..
Hold up. Wait, hold on.
Wait a minute, now.
A sixth car has just arrived, but I can't.
Tobey Marshall just stepped out of a red Agera.
Well! Maybe the little tart was right
You like the car I brought? Because I know the cops will.
And by the way,
Tobey Marshall and Johnny V are battling for fifth.
You got it, you got it, you got it.
And Johnny V is off the road.
Come on, come on, come on!
Golden Gate, this is H1. I got ops on them.
Westbound 128
Yo, yo, yo.
And he does it.
Yo, that's my dude right there. That's my dude.
Marshall's balls have just been located
Texas Mike in the McLaren is now fifth, Tobey is now running fourth.
Dino Brewster, you better watch your ass, son.
Suspects approaching 150 miles per hour.
Hl will try to stall them.
All units, 10-3.
I've got flying cops. I've got flies in the ointment.
I got CHP in the air all over the course.
You add cops to the race and people get..
Racers should race, cops should eat donuts.
All units, disregard the spike strips. They're moving too fast.
They'll get past the deployment spot.
Let's try the rolling block instead.
18-4, roger?
16-2, six on Code 3.
Rolling block in formation, check.
The Gooch in the Saleen has been totally taken out.
I can't believe what I'm seeing
Yeah, boy.
All right, brother, keep it going
Be advised, five suspect vehicles are entering the tree line.
Consider using lethal force.
They're at mile marker 27.
Dispatch, confirm rescue is rolling. We have another officer down
18-5 in position.
Suspects approaching on a five count.
18-5, countdown begins.
Five,
18-5, perfect pit. Lead suspect down.
I'm hearing over scanners, the Bugatti has just got taken out.
And chen there were three
H1, Mendo PD is Code 3 to Navarro Bridge.
They're coming up to the race marker to the bridge
The blue collar kid from Mount Kisco is trying to wear Cinderella's slipper.
That's my dude! Mount Kisco, let's go!
By the way, these cop cars, they top out at about 130.
Hold them back, baby! Hold them back.
Good luck catching up, Smokey. I'll tell you who wins.
Come on!
Dispatch, another suspect is down. Only two remaining
We're down to Tobey Marshall and Dino Brewster.
This ain't just about racing
Tobey Marshall just let the Elemento get by him.
Nice move.
That kid better wake up.
Wake up, Toby!
Wake up and smell that $2 million Lambo in your pocket
Pete... I need you, pal.
Okay, let's go.
Dino Brewster is out. Down goes Dino!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Tobey is the last man standing! He's gonna win the De Leon!
He's gonna win the De Leon!
The Marshall kid from Mount Kisco! He's gonna make a milk run to victory!
That's right! That's my boy! That's my dude!
it out. Tobey is the last man standing!
Get it. Hit it, hit it.
He's gonna win the De Leon!
We had a deal for you to get me Scylla.
And you haven't gotten me that, have you?
You gave me your word.
And I'm giving you my word again, you will go...
Back to prison if you can't get me those other five cards.
But if you're telling me you can't get this done.
Just let me know right now, and we'll get your cell ready.
You understand?
I'll get it done.
There's one more thing.
You see anything we can use?
No, and let me be crystal clear for you guys: I point and click.
That's it, other than that, I'm off the clock.
Shut up.
Wait a minute, where's his calendar?
Dr. Feelgood's got it.
Here, Um, take a look at this.
This is today's date.
There's absolutely nothing on it but a star.
This whole thing was a mistake.
No,no, this wasn't a mistake.
Scofield got us a card within 24 hours...
Of being dropped in Los Angeles.
He knows what he's doing.
Look, I'm willing to take the risk and do my job.
But he follows my recommendations, Don.
"Sir, changed your late London arrival..
Now 7/16 at 4:00 p.m."
There's nothing about London in his calendar, is there?
Not that we've seen, no.
Nothing about travel to or from the UK at all?
No, nothing.
Now, why would he get an e-mail about an arrival in London..
When he has no business scheduled there?
It's probably because the e-mail is a..
Code.
Alex, I'm so glad you joined US.
S-C-Y-L-L-A, Scylla
A meeting with himself, so that..
Is where we're going to find our next cardholder.
Okay, so 4:00 p.m. is our when, we need a where.
If you were having a secret meeting.
You wouldn't send all the information together.
You'd send the where and the when separately as a precaution.
At the same time as the London e-mail?
Within a few seconds of the London mail.
Two more e-mails followed from the same IP path.
But that's when my device ran out of hard drive space.
It picked up the IP address, but not the content.
Trace the IP address and find out who sent these e-mails.
Oh, look, e-mails get bounced to routers all over the world.
Before they end in your inbox.
Wherever the mail's been, it leaves a shadow file.
Probably squatted at the Anaheim server cluster..
A nanosecond before reaching Tuxhorn.
So that's where you're going to find your shadow file.
So get it.
Not every geek with a Commodore 64 can hack into NASA.
I mean, these servers..
Have more firewalls than the devil's bedroom.
You want those e-mails, I'm sorry.
It's on a main server in Anaheim.
Is this possible to find those e-mails at that server?
I know what you're planning, Alex.
But listen to me.
If you do track him down, call me.
Don't do something that could get you hurt.
I won't.
So the material will be where you asked by 5:00 p.m.
And Alex, I'm so sorry.
Good-bye, Lang.
I'm sorry, they can't see you today.
And there's nothing more I can do.
Okay.
Thank you for your help, I appreciate it.
What was the name of the temp agency that sent you?
Uh, maybe we can...
Well, clearly it does. Wha-Wha-What's it do?
To kill the fire, it sucks all the oxygen out of this room.
Michael, where the hell are you?
It's getting crowded out here.
Linc, Linc, we're trapped.
It's just not responding.
I've rebooted twice now. It's still not letting me on.
Try again.
Look, I've tried a stop route, a jock program.
Even a back-door entry, I mean, you were in prison.
I'm sure you're familiar with that one.
You want to stop breathing?
What happened?
They locked me out.
I'm telling you, they're shutting US down.
Looking forward to it.
Why the hell did you tell Self..
That we could get a cardholder by today?
He set the terms, Alex!
I didn't have a choice!
And now none of us have a choice.
And I am not going back to prison.
And I still have this that I need...
Bother me? What are you talking about, son?
I'm just thrilled to finally be able...
I'm going to be able to put a face to the voice.
Right, because we haven't met yet.
Yes, and that is a Crime, my friend
At GATE who are very excited about meeting you.
It's finished!
So, when exactly does the op-order commence, general?
It already has.
No. I mean, when do we see ramifications?
I'll tell you what, Stuart.
l.I tell you what, Stuart.
There they come.
What about her?
Let her go.
Hey, hey, real group of winners.
You hooked me up with here, Donnie.
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Look, man, we both have worn the badge in our day.
It was a meeting between all six cardholders.
So now we know who has the other five cards.
And that should mean something.
Even to someone whose word means nothing.
I'm gonna call senator Dallo now.
But he follows my recommendations, Don.
The next Time you run from me.
I'm not gonna be chasing you down in a car.
I have not heard a word for weeks!
They will let him back in, won't they?
Don't worry about Leo.
Our passports make it difficult for us
This is war, Sonya!
The scientist whom Joan and I worked with in Canada.
Has been uncovered as a Russian spy.
He's given the Russians a windfall,
So everyone please, extra precaution, extra vigilance!
Thank you.
Joan! Could I have a word, please?
It seems Kierl wasn't such a wet fish after all.
I've been given a list of potential suspects, identified in Canada.
That might have been Kierl's contact.
One of them is Leo Galich.
Now, I know that from your file,
He's not the one, is he?
On the.. On the boat.
When you said that, there was one who didn't..
It was a long time ago.
I still think he's an idiot, by the way.
I haven't mentioned him in my report. There's no need to, is there?
The police are here! It's some sort of inspection.
Who has the key to this locker? Open it, please!
Open this door, sir!
Fifty lawyers in New York.
Our clients here at Truman-Mann are primarily Fortune 500 companies.
disappear before they reach the courtroom.
We're looking at a number of candidates.
All with impressive resumes...
but none quite as unique as yours.
You were issued a private investigator's license for your 18th birthday?
Heh. Is that something California kids do?
My dad is a Pl. I worked for him.
It was more answering phones and handling his travel than anything else.
Really? Before you were 20, your name popped up on LexisNexis in 14.
Fifteen.
Sheriff, are you aware of the video..
of Logan Echolls threatening Bonnie?
Get out. You're not welcome here
Kind of speaks for itself.
Can you speak to the tragedy...
the violent death of a celebrity who seemed to have it all?
So, what's new with you?
I need your help, Veronica.
I don't really do that anymore.
Look, can you just hear me out?
He's being bombarded by lawyers wanting to represent him.
I'm just gonna go out there, see my dad...
Well, if it isn't the man, the myth, the legendary pain-in-the-ass Keith Mars.
Deputy.
You catch any husbands lately with their pants down?
You should get a slide projector and bring it down to the station.
We'd love to see your dirty-picture collection.
Well, you boys are so busy cleaning up the town, how will you find the time?
Don't know yet. But I'm sure we'll figure something out.
I guess you probably let a lot of things slide on your watch.
Those days are gone now.
You know what happens when you mess with the bull, right?
You get the cliches?
Lyles!
Look what we got here!
She was
And I wasn't a boyfriend.
Not really.
You know, I was something closer to a sponsor.
That's a funny thought, isn't it? Me as a stabilizing influence.
You're gonna get through this.
Am I?
Oh, I guess it has been a charmed life.
Take care of yourself, Veronica.
As far as I can see it's no big deal. Am I missing something?
You really want to ask that question?
We're gonna move on. We have a Bonnie De Ville update.
The star's family is pissed off because Logan Echolls
Well, the fact is, I mean, Conrad Murray walked the streets for months.
So you're saying you think Logan Echolls did it.
I'm saying that I wouldn't want to be in Logan Echolls' shoes.
Can you name a single person who thinks that kid is innocent?
I can name one.
So, what are you gonna do about it, Veronica?
Ready to head down to the Batcave?
"Accessories'
Would labeling it "Pandora" have seemed a little, what, I don't know.
operatic?
Haven't you spent nine years figuring out exactly who you are?
Hasn't your life been better since giving this up?
Getting out of Neptune?
Dick saw a tweet that night saying Carrie was showing up at the 09er.
saying, "You sure that's a good idea?"
Later, she texts saying she's having a moment of weakness and needed my help.
So like any good sponsor, you go?
Am I doing this now?
Tine
Everyone knew her code, but this time it didn't work.
Carrie?
Now, the alarm goes off.
Then the phone starts ringing.
I knew it was the guard gate..
Carrie!
But I didn't know the code word.
She's not in her bedroom.
Then I see her bathroom door's open.
Uh, yeah. I just got a call from my mother-in-law
Well, is your mother-in-law in Neptune?
Because our location scouts are in Neptune today.
I know for a fact Clint Eastwood isn't shooting a movie in Neptune.
Look, I don't know what's going on here, but.
BJuried treasure.
The good old Neptune High yearbook.
I suppose this would be a collector's item for Bonnie's biggest fan.
"D. Pugh. Don't let the bastards get you down. Shine your light. Carrie."
Ruby Jetson.
Ha, ha. Like that's a valid excuse.
Man. Excuse me one sec. Give me a minute
Can you get me a student's permanent file?
You do realize that I'm a teacher now, Veronica.
An educator.
This is a position of responsibility.
So you're saying it's gonna be super-easy. Good. I did not want to put you out.
Veronica.
Ugh.
You made bail, Veronica.
Veronica, my, how you've grown.
Seems like only yesterday you could have been tried as a minor.
Clifford
Come on. I learned that way before law school
You probably also know, then, that convicted felons don't take the bar exam.
Sorry if I don't think you blowing up your life is a joke.
This is who you picked up?
Oh, my God. Hilarious, girlfriend.
I know, girlfriend. Isn't it?
This one is always playing pranks on me.
She's good. It's like George Clooney and his friends.
Everything in my life has led to this moment.
Did she need to be here?
I'm the designated driver. That's the deal.
Evening, miss. "Just give me a sec to adjust.
I forgot my panties.
So this is happening
I've let her draw hearts on my upper thigh for the last 10 minutes.
So, yeah, I get the stakes.
Hey, Logan, is that your new girlfriend?
Whoa.
Hey.
You gonna kill this one too, lieutenant?
Right this way, Mr. Echolls.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I was with them, So...
Of course Ruby chose the 09er for her date.
This is Veronica. Veronica
I'm so sorry to call so late
I would feel pretty great about that actually. Thank you.
We need you to start Monday. Is that a problem?
Where's your date?
She got them to play a Bonnie single.
Awake and away we go
you are not on a date with a murderer.
I do take some comfort in that. How do you know?
Bouncer confirmed it.
performed Medea when the news broke.
So where do we go from here?
Which one of these goes over better?
"Dad, I'm marrying a lawyer"..
or "Dad, I'm marrying a private dick"
But what's the difference between a porcupine and lawyers in a Porsche?
On a porcupine
And a howdy-do to you.
What's up, V?
Wow, you guys look good.
You've been to Mama Leone's before, right?
Hey, I've got something to show you.
Look, this is from the talent show our senior year.
The video yearbook advisor let me see it.
That one is Carrie Bishop. I don't know who this other girl is.
It's Susan Knight. Carrie's best friend.
Also dead, strangely enough. Boating accident..
the year I left for Stanford. Why are you showing me this?
Youl'll see
Come again?
Ignore the dick.
Check this out.
Talent show the year after we graduated.
Then when people boo..
I'm gonna burn this place down!
They didn't let her come back to school.
She had to take all her finals as take-home tests
Um, actually...
When Number One Daughter was young..
her skills were sharp like blade of sword
Is that so?
I knew you'd be here.
Tell the truth, you've been sitting there since graduation, haven't you?
Don't worry about her.
They really should have a bar right by the entrance
Oh, look who it is!
And I haven't been on my bike since Valentina was born.
To remember those of us who are no longer around...
Well, I'll be damned.
Please turn your attention to the screen..
as we say goodbye to old friends.
Shelly.
Some people just call it texting.
I wanna ask you about the night Susan Knight died.
Heh. Of course you do. It's a party.
The memorial video got me thinking. I've never really heard what happened.
I have told this story about 10 zillion times, but okay.
We were partying on Carrie's dad's boat
it's pretty boring partying on a boat after about 15 minutes.
freaking out because they can't find Susan.
Ripped the boat apart looking for her.
but she was gone-Z0.
Last time I saw Susan, she was blowing chunks over the side of the boat.
She must've slipped and fell off
What a nightmare.
I can't imagine.
Must have been awful when you figured out she was missing.
I had to go to therapy for post-traumatic stress.
I still can't go on a boat.
You already have a job. It's in New York.
Zou did it, kid. You made it out.
Don't let this town take you down like it does everyone else.
Didn't take you down.
Well, love is blind
I could still get you the names of the FCHers.
I have someone in the sheriff's department..
who might help me if he can work up the nerve.
The nerve? The sheriff's department is a joke.
It's been a giant clown car since you left office.
They're dangerous, Veronica.
Cops with swimming pools and sports cars? They've got a good thing going.
I want you to stay away from them.
Yeah, okay.
Well, that's not that bad.
Penny floats in and out of frame in a few of the videos
Or I could just play her in drag. Hey, Penny, give me your glasses.
Hey. So you're interested in hidden-camera celebrity footage.
If you've got the cash, I've got some hidden video I know you'll want to see.
Meet me at the Santa Monica Pier in one hour by the dancing gorilla.
Good job, Fen.
Monkey's following you. Ha, ha!
Of course.
Do you work for tips?
Here's a tip. Change professions.
Vincent Van Lowe. Neptune's second-best PI but foremost ass-hat.
I need everything you got off Bonnie DeVille's tablet.
Oh. I know not of what you speak.
I am just a respectable businessman trying to earn an honest dollar.
Give it to me, Vinnie.
Or I'll tell 50 Cent's security team where they can find the guy...
who posted video of Fiddy baking lemon cake...
while singing "Afternoon Delight."
You should be happy for me, V-Mars. I found my calling
Do you have any idea what People will pay..
for a shot of a celebrity looking stupid while eating? A lot.
T do the circuit.
I do the chi-chi stores and I do the Trench preschools.
If you have more than five IMDb credits.
without me finding out a way to get paid.
Ha, ha. I'm the reason people know Anne Hathaway has a vagina.
Before that, they thought, yeah, maybe, but they didn't know
Anyway, you'll like this. I stuffed 30 tablets into those MTV gift bags.
You wanna know my return on investment? Nope. No, I don't.
You're legal now, right?
We should go out sometime
I'm assuming it's a signed confession.
ow was Carrie's time of death determined?
Quickly. Guards at the security gate checked Logan in at 1:15 a.m.
arrie's alarm went off at 1:21
Time of death sometime between 1:21 and 1:31
Guards checked her out at 3 p.m.
Many people, including Free Hugs over here, spoke to Carrie after that.
We have phone records.
Carrie was alive when Gia left, but Gia didn't go alone.
Her son-of-a-congressman fiance went with her.
Probably in the trunk.
When Gia left, she simply left a door or a window open for Luke.
He waited for his opportunity.
He shows up at the 09er, establishing a very public alibi.
were always fighting about her partying
I suppose they murdered her for kicks.
I know how painfully boring these rich kids' lives are.
They murdered Carrie because they were convinced she was cracking.
Something terrible happened on Carrie's dad's boat nine years ago.
Something worth killing Carrie to keep secret
No anchor. They used it to weigh the body down.
Where'd you get these official police photos?
Maybe she's friends with Martina Vascuez?
that foreman hands down a life sentence.
Hey.
I don't care if Logan ain't the guy.
America thinks he's guilty, and that's good enough for me.
Now get the hell out of my office.
Hey.
I, uh.. I believe the captain told you that the use of cell phones was prohibited.
Yeah, I gathered. I really wanna be there with you.
There's just so much going on here right now.
I just... I couldn't leave.
Sure you could.
Okay.
Could you maybe try and understand why I chose not to?
I completely understand.
That's why I think it's time for uS to just..
Just walk away.
Wait, no, that's not what this is.
I mean, that's not what I want.
Veronica, I'm standing outside of a hotel with my parents..
who flew to New York mostly to meet you.
So that loyalty, or friendship
I wish that same feeling made you get on the plane today.
I gotta go let my mom off the hook, okay?
She's concerned that her blowout's gonna flatten before you get here.
Logan's coming over to talk about the case.
Please be nice.
What? I'm Over 21
Apparently, they left several on your cell but never heard back.
Okay. I'll give them a call. Thanks.
No need. They said they're moving on without you.
They needed someone a little more "motivated," I think it was. Or "dedicated
The gist was they wanted someone who cared enough to return a call.
You worked so hard for so long...
and just like that.
you're throwing it away?
For what?
This is Keith
All right. Bye.
I'm gonna.. I'll be right back.
Deputy.
I guess I picked the wrong week to quit smoking.
a few weeks ago, Keith. It's a funny video.
She immediately freaked out and called her partner in crime.
Have you seen Luke pick up?
I can't actually see Luke right now.
Apparently, he had to make a pit stop for some hot man-on-man action.
What are you talking about?
What's he doing at.? Oh.
Hold on. Someone's at her door.
So I just got this call from this random number and..
Tt's Cobb
She called Cobb for help.
Why? Does she need someone to empty her cat box?
You are protecting his bright future, right?
I mean, there are beards and then there are beards that go the extra mile.
I was at the 09er. There are witnesses. Everybody saw me.
Gia, keep up.
We're past that now.
I believe you.
I even have proof you were there.
the baby that she gave up for adoption.
She disappears below deck.
Carrie found her later and she was barely breathing.
But Cobb says that she'd sleep it off
We were picturing jail time.
Well, I appreciate you keeping it PG-13 for me.
'm delicate.
I got you off murder charges.
can beat an AWOL rap.
Listen, it's 180 days, Veronica.
What's 180 days to us?
Our story is epic
Lives ruined, bloodshed.
Yeah
Two solid weeks of bliss, and now it's back to the real world
So, what now?
But sometimes it kills us in the transitions..
I know all about accepting the things I can't change.
Veronica!
Your point guard shoots too much. I'm with you, Fennel. Bench him.
I'm supposed to find the courage to change the things I can.
Even if it means disappointing the one man I can't bear to disappoint.
Now, you cut one down in Arizona, you can do a year in prison. Imagine that?
Shit.
I know guys that rob people in here
How does it feel getting out?
I haven't slept in a few nights. But other than that...
How you doing, Squeeb? How you feeling?
What happened here?
Oh, a little going away present.
I got groceries for you.
Don't eat anything on the right side of the fridge. It belongs to Hawk.
Aw, do you got any real food?
I don't know, Henry. Take a wild guess. Maybe water or milk or something.
If you put milk in it, you might as well use milk.
It's been confirmed that the victim is Boston Police Captain John Boylan.
Unofficial sources have described it as an execution-style killing.
No arrests have been made.
Holy shit.
Thank you for that. There is a city-wide manhunt...
Jesus Christ. Somebody killed Boylan?
Was it you?
Police are being tight-lipped on the case so far,
Son of a bitch, they finally killed Boylan.
You wanna guess who that could be?
I can see 'em.
Beautiful truck. She is. Her name is Black Betty.
First rule in this class is to take everything you've learned
Your hands and feet are in charge of 80,000 pounds of fast moving steel
You need to be awake,
You mess up,
And nowadays, there are all these cameras everywhere.
You're not gonna get away with it.
Now let's get to today's lesson, okay?
Any questions?
Hey, Spenser.
Hey.
And if this is real,
Looks like it's, uh, west of the Tropicana.
We should go check it out.
I'm telling you, it's a waste of time.
Hundred bucks says I'm right.
I don't even think you have $100.
But let's go; I'll drive.
Oh, man, this just keeps getting better.
"She is most sincerely dead."
Extremely.
Any of you curious kittens think to call 911?
Dispatch, Charlie 0-5 Stokes.
I got a 419.
I need two backup units to my location.
Hey, man! Hey, hey!
Hey. Hey!
That's my camera. Come on, dude.
Yeah, well, now it's our evidence.
And this is our crime scene.
You can call my boss.
He'll tell you I was there all night.
I came by 'cause I saw the picture on the Web site.
Nice little crime scene you got here.
So you called in your own 419 off a Web posting?
I mean, I heard of firemen
Don't tell me you're dropping bodies for extra cash.
Well, he does need 100 bucks.
T.O.D. Was four to six hours ago.
When I say that, I mean, like, in a live way.
She was, she was definitely alive when I saw her last.
And how did you two get together?
I had a show the other night
"Carrot Top's Wild Ride."
It started at a, uh, strip club.
I know, shocker, right?
It's called Crazy Ponies.
It was great 'cause some of my fans were there,
She was the "everything else," Yeah.
I remember her high-beams.
Very attractive.
Oh, man! Couple guys there, too.
I don't remember them as well.
After that, it was lights out.
Uh, my eyes were more on the girl.
Uh, they were two,
Well, you're lucky you didn't end up like Amber.
To think the Topper was in danger.
Yeah.
It's a shame only the good die young, isn't it?
I get, like, one phone call, don't I?
You don't need a lawyer, Topper.
I know, I need my publicist.
I take it that's Greek?
It's the cloak.
That and the skirt were my idea.
All I'm saying is that your trace
Spartacus was in that limo.
Two nights ago, I was on a bathroom break.
Well, it's not so much the skirt
Right up here.
Scene of the crime.
I go to the gym, work out.
Like to think I can handle myself,
How did she get you that much cash
You ever hear of an ATM?
They scan cash now.
Bank traced Amber's $5,000
And if one of our Chicago boys gave her the money,
The last cash deposit was for $1,200.
You're leaving, Harold?
Yes, ma'am.
Did you finish with the thing on the drive-thru?
I had to order a piece. Should be in tomorrow.
Okay'
Oh, good. Thank you.
Did you get your shift meal yet?
No, ma'am.
I'm gonna hold off on that.
I may drop in later, though,
Oh, there you go. You should.
The Frost Blenders are really good.
I'm not really a cookies-and-cream person, but that one is good.
You'll have a lot of choices.
A what?
I'll have a chunks combo meal, the six-piece.
We ain't got no pickles.
You don't have pickles?
Nah.
God.
I know that Frost Blender did not just try and mess up my nail. Tcch.
Swear I wasn't even supposed to be here right now neither.
I know. I need to set it normal.
I want Monday through Thursday, Saturday, like I used to.
I know, right? They change it,
If they don't stay normal about it,
You know, I just watch TV, and it, like, ruins my days off.
Oh! Now that you say that, I could see what you saying.
I could see that.
I'm always waking up late.
Yo, they wasting my days off and shit.
Hey, what's all that?
Don't worry about it.
Hi. Welcome to ChickWich. What can I get for you?
I could take your order?
Can I get a number one?
Becky, I've got the police here on the phone
What?
They're saying you took it out of a woman's purse.
They don't open. There's nothing in them.
Not our standard khakis.
Yeah, I know. I'm sorry, but they were dirty. I didn't...
Officer, I've checked her pockets, and there's nothing in them,
Okay, good. Uh, does she have a purse?
Do you have a purse? You have a purse?
I have... I still have my purse.
Um, it wouldn't be here in the office.
It would be in the employee cubicle area,
Miss, be quiet.
There's no one..
Now, had you seen this woman before on the premises?
If you're just straight with me, it'll all be worked out, okay?
I am being s.. I'm..I'm being straight with you.
Okay, so what that tells me is that you don't realize
I'm gonna need you to address me as sir or officer, understand?
Yes, sir.
Okay, good.
Now, first we need to find the money.
Now, do... do you want to tell me where it is?
I don't have any money.
You don't have any money?
Well, why are there people who say otherwise?
I don't know.
You don't know.
I don't know why.
You don't know! Huh! Okay.
This isn't the easy way out of this, you understand?
This is confidential information. Okay?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
We're hoping that if we can find the money that she stole,
But my brother doesn't even do anything. This is crazy.
And here's the most important thing.
Okay'
That's why it's important you take them to the car
If you do this, you will build our case. You understand?
Yes.
We don't have no pickles either.
Sandra! Are you or Marti gonna come help?
I'm on the register by myself.
Okay, one of us will be right out.
Let me just finish this real quick.
Oh, my God.
Should I have my people start watching him?
You think he could be wrapped up in the same stuff Becky is?
Oh, goodness, no. No, no, no. Nothing like that, no.
But he gives you hell, huh?
Yeah, he does, like you can't imagine.
Ha ha! I'm sorry. It must be a real pain.
Oh, hey, listen. Kevin said that you told him about Becky's brother
Oh, you know, I don't...Hmm.
I don't think I said much, though, did I?
You know, the last thing I need... I may have mentioned it.
The last thing I need
You know what I mean?
If you can't cooperate with me here..
I'm sorry.
I need to be able to trust you.
Right.
I'm very sorry..
That fall under shit that ain't none of my business.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
What's it look like from there, Evan?
What's it like to have a front-row seat to the show?
Come on.
How's everybody doing in here?
Nothing.
What?
We're just waiting. That's all.
W-When are they coming?
I don't know.
Well, let me talk to him, then.
Let me talk to him. Give me the phone.
Hello, Officer Daniels. How is it going?
Oh, great. How you doing? You busy out there?
Yeah, I'm busy as ever.
It's a great night. Uh...
Sandra, you gotta help me.
Why are you talking to me?
Can you see I'm on the phone? Sit down!
I have to get back out there to the restaurant.
Oh, yeah. He b-Heb been great.
Oh, good. So I'm gonna give him back the phone.
Sounds good.
I'll see you when you come.
Okay.
Sandra, please, I can't do this.
What are you... What are you doing, honey?
They can't make me do this.
Stop talking.
You're gonna be fine.
Hello. This is Van.
Hey, Van...
sounds like Sandra's running around
I..I guess so.
Yes, I'm sure it's busy in there.
Listen, I'm not sure when you guys are coming.
Is Sandra still in there?
She just left.
You have one minute left on this card.
What do you want me to do?
Well, you gotta get on that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I need you to give her a spanking 'cause she was talking smack to Sandra,
You know?
You mean...
Can you tell her that?
... actually do that?
Can you put her on for me?
He wants to talk to you.
I didn't do anything, sir.
Didn't we talk about you going easy on Sandra?
That all this would be hard on her? Did we not?
Yes, sir.
What about me, Rebecca?
Do you even understand how hard this is on me?
You think I like situations like this?
No. I don't. Nobody does.
See? Shut up, Kevin.
Robbie? Hey, it's Sandra.
Sandra? From the South End store?
Yes, sir. I'm calling about that theft situation.
I'm sorry. What happened?
Um, my employee that stole.
The officer said you'd been talking to him.
The police? What happened? I-I've been sick all day.
I've got that thing going around.
You haven't been talking to Officer Daniels on the other line?
I haven't talked to anybody today.
You're the first person I've talked to.
Is everything okay?
Should. Should I come in?
Hey, you okay?
Who are you?
Yes, I'll have an original ChickWich,
Ha! I'm just kidding, Sandra. It's me.
Its Officer Daniels, messing with ya.
Wait. He hung up?
I was doing what I thought was the right thing.
I...I did what I think, um, anybody would do,
Take a girl's clothes away
Someone who said they were the police.
Did you know that the police station was only a half-mile away?
Well, what he said was that he was investigating from her house.
And I asked him.
You know, "When are you coming?" I asked many times.
And yet he never came, and that didn't make you suspicious?
Um, yeah, well...
He had an answer every time that I asked a question.
And everything about it was strange to me,
Were you brainwashed?
Private place.
Before you went to Japan, I saw you writing that story.
I didn't know you wrote stories
Well, so I borrowed Mum's key and went into your study,
Just to where you stopped. It was a good part too.
A man comes to Baker Suree
What thing would that be?
"The cane shows the marks of a dog's teeth.
The wood is from an island southwest o Madeirg."
He wears a wedding ring?
No. The clues are all on that page.
This sentence, to be exact.
"One day, into the room came a young man,
Not expensive clothes.
Then his wife must press them. Men don't have the talent
That's how you knew it was about the wife.
Well, no.
When you're a detective and a man comes to visit you..
it's usually about his wife.
So why did you stop where you did?
I prefer a cigar.
I told Watson, if I ever write a story myself,
Did you write such a story?
But I'm trying to do so now.
I must finish with you before I die.
"So you've come about your wife."
Here.
I'll see you after lunch.
I'm going to need some help with the bees.
So you found the right address.
The armonica?
My father's most prized possession.
He played it constantly till the day he died.
I had it brought to the house
One hour per week.
Soon Ann asked me if she could
Why are you here, Mr. Kelmot?
Mr. Holmes, my Ann has changed.
And it isn't just the lessons
One day I was outside the room
And I heard her saying, quite clearly.
Trying to see if I can tell where I've been.
Don't you know?
Mr. Holmes can tell things like that
Where are you off to?
See to the bees!
You'll eat your breakfast first!
Got a letter from your aunt the other day.
She says there's a couple in Portsmouth
Need a housekeeper.
Why would we want to live in Portsmouth?
Can't stay here forever.
Why not?
You said you never wore one.
Well, yes, but it would've pleased her.
She wanted the fictional. ou are the real.
Well, I'm not sure that's true.
I think I was real once until Tohn made me into fiction
Flay the part as he'd fashioned it,
I'm actually quite fond of a pipe,
So, Dr. Watson's imagination changed you?
I've never had much use for imagination.
I prefer facts.
My father would bring me here as a child.
It was designed as a miniature.
We walk as giants.
The stones represent the lives of those he has lost.
Sherlock-san!
Is this a metaphysical question?
I mean, do you mourn them?
Oh, I can't say that I've ever mourned the dead,
Death, grieving, mourning
Logic is rare, and so...
I dwell on logic.
A few months ago, my brother Mycroft died.
His club, the Diogenes,
I was given a small chest containing the Watson stories,
They were as John always described them,
But one of the titles piqued my interest.
The story was familiar,
But by a fortunate chance, an opportunity soon arose.
It's strange to see a semblance of one's self 40 feet high
Dear man, you should fear for your life.
Whatever do you mean?
Murder, Mr. Kelmot. Murder.
and played
Poisoned?
With what means have T?
But that night
All I knew for certain was that the case was my last
So, I decided to write the story down on paper
Get it right before I die.
You're not going to die
I'm 93.
I had a 6reat uncle who lived to be 102
Well, I didn't actually know him.
I can't
Mum! Mum!
Mr. Holmes!
Was it the smoke knocked him out?
Could have done.
Most likely he stood up too quickly
He must have decided to take it subcutaneously.
Well, now we can't leave.
Ho. Made sure of that, didn't he?
Should be in hospital. That or one of them places.
He'll get better!
And the day he does is the day we go.
Is that clear
Got a letter from Japan.
It's from Mr. Umezaki.
Have you read it?
No. Wanted to.
Sin of desire. Youl're a Catholic.
Mum says you throw out most of the letters you get.
And why do you think that is?
The people who write want you to solve things.
If you read their letters, you'd want to help.
Oh, no. You give me too much credit.
It's just if I were to read them,
Perhaps Mr. Umezaki's asking you to go back to Japan.
Oh. I'll never go back to Japan.
Why not?
Long journey, old man.
The crime wave that has done away
Well. If you need suspects, you know where to find me.
Mum, wait.
I bet if we asked, Mr. Holmes would.. do his thing
I'm sure your mother doesn't need to be told where she's been.
Let's not bother Mr. Holmes with any foolishness.
It's not foolishness. Here.
Do it
No, that won't be necessary.
Turn in a circle.
You've been away most of the day.
The soot on your dress attests that you went by train to Portsmouth,
In Fortsmouth, you met the couple who run the hotel.
wished to make a favourable impression.
They made you an offer, you accepted
There is no shame in what I do!
You complain enough about it! Always going on about how hard things are.
And you wish you had it better!
She can barely read!
GO after her.
Your dad hated what he did for a living.
Mechanic in a garage, like his dad before him.
When he got called up, he said to me,
I'm gonna put in for the RAF'"
Blown out of the sky. First time up.
All his mates who worked the motor pool came home without a scratch.
I shouldn't have said what I said
Don't say everything you think.
Tn your desk.
Couldn't have. The one in the corner.
Didn't know it was a desk until I opened it.
Oh, that's not my desk, it's John's.
He left it at Baker Street when he went off to get married
I know you say Dr. Watson didn't always get things right,
Yes, but in Watson's story, he does have the armonica in it.
And the German lady. And that glove.
So maybe he did get things right.
No, that's not possible.
John had gone from Baker Street by then.
Well, then why was it in there?
I don't know! And if I ever did know, I don't remember.
If you can't remember, then why couldn't the case have been a success
And if I'd brought it to a successful conclusion,
I chose exile for my punishment, but what was it for?
I must have done something terribly wrong..
One can't solve everything
They're all commonplace.
Logic is rare.
The dead are not so very far away.
They're just on the other side of the wall.
Now, whenever did you say that?
Ply your parlour tricks elsewhere, Mr. Holmes.
My husband could never succeed at deception
I don't know much about your profession,
To keep you from this appointment you seem so eager to make.
Even before I glimpsed you today,
The man who took away the music you loved,
All these predicted your antipathy.
And then I witnessed your actions.
Forging his signature,
A convincing set of circumstances,
But for two errors.
We must place blame on your husband for the first.
I would also make the observation that there is nothing about you
Was that the second error
The second was unavoidable, and all the more damning.
The man at the station.
Everything about him, his clothes, the patches on his trousers,
Stonemason.
Money must have been a dire necessity,
The money was to pay for the headstones
For Grace. For Tames.
Shock
I was certain he wasn't.
No, no! No, Mrs. Munro, no!
Zou mustn't do that!
My son.... won't wake.
He may never wake.
They sent me away till morning.
You didn't even have the decency
didn't think it would make a difference.
They're all you care about!
No! I care about Roger.
I care about him very much.
The bees . didn't do it.
The bees were not to blame
Roger was trying to find out what was killing the bees.
And he did. He found the wasps' nest.
He had to stop them wiping out the bees.
And so he did the worst possible thing.
Ie tried to drown them with water from his can.
How do you know it was them?
Bees leave their stings. Wasps don't.
There were no stings left in Roger's face.
And when they attacked, he dropped the watering can
I knew her less than a day.
A quarter of an hour's conversation.
She needed my help.
She needed so desperately to be understood by someone
I watched her walk away.
Well, that's what the people like.
They like punchy
That's what they want, my love.
I'm an artist.
It is not for me to question my gift,
Come here and give Punch some love.
what?
Oh. Come on
My sweet and talented wife!
So blessed I am to have va.
Sweet and talented indeed.
There you go! Look at you
You've gone and turned her stomach upside down.
That thing does nothing but bellow
And before I knew it
I thought for certain
But as the ground came up to meet me,
I sank into it.
And when I awoke
From over here
Sorry, Dr. Goodtime,
Don't rush me, and then
I don't mean to rush you
We're about to be on the move.
We can only take what's useful.
We don't got no space for nothing more.
But this one's a good one.
She's got skills in the theatre.
Skills in the theatre..
This puppet is broken. Punch!
I'm telling you, it won't do a thing right!
You can't be dropping the puppets.
They're mighty delicate.
If you break this one's face,
You're of simple mind.
If one thing ever
But the simple pleasure is
Oh. Well
Oh, yes.
When you've lived as long as I have,
When things tilt off in a way they shouldn't
Someone is close to rousing the Devil.
He's right there watching the rehearsal.
And I say this line, I just look at him like, "I'm so sorry."
But he was right there.
I remember Simon being very nervous to do his impersonation.
I would not do your Stephen Hawking impression in front of him.
I suppose that could be considered offensive.
That's, obviously, Amy's incredible dress from their wedding.
Wow! You look like a pile of swans.
And Mark Hamill officiated.
Amy do you take Sheldon for your lawful wedded husband?
I do.
And, Sheldon, same thing.
Over here, the fencing outfit.
I was very excited by...
Max, what is that thing that you have behind your back?
What? No, nothing.
Yes, right here.
Is that the auction catalog
No, you're watching an episode
What is this thing doing here?
You do so much with so little fabric.
I do..
And I see you too+B125:B130k my advice and got Polish Vogue.
How nice is this?
We are finally on a romantic date.
We just came from lunch at Rainbow Room,
Yah, now, he's going to buy me something golden.
Yah, I want to be covered in gold.
I want a golden shower.
Let's see. If I was a loving cup,
Some place with a lot of cash shoved up inside you.
How much do you think is in there?
Well, let's see. The wooden base of the cup is about this big,
That's like a million dollars!
So I could have $60,000 in an hour?
Well, we. We could have it.
Did I say I? How weird.
And sold.
Wow, you're getting everything.
Yes, we are.
Aren't we, Miss Pickle?
I'm Hamish Mcdonough, by the way.
Oh, I'm Max, and this is my friend Katie Holmes.
We won't speak of it..
But I just have to say: well done!
And if you ever need anything, don't hesitate.
Oh, you have your own shop?
"Just the two of us" Antiques.
Is that you and Miss Pickle?
No, dear, I'm not insane.
Next item for auction:
This is highly unorthodox, but I shall repeat the item.
Do I hear 80,000?
Yes, you do!
80,000 going once, going twice,
Yolo!
And the next item up for bid
How much do you think this is going to go for?
Kitsch is always a wild card, but it has no real value.
No real value? Please.
I won that when no one thought I could.
I jumped 14 hurdles in the rain with walking pneumonia.
It's worth something.
Yeah, 'cause it has money. in it.
We start the bidding at $50.
Sir, it's in increments of $10.
Then, I'm out.
Sorry, the Rainbow Room really sucked me dry.
Hm, guess what else is pretty dry right now?
Do I hear 60?
Hamish came to play.
So did we, I broke my hymen getting that thing.
Is that why it's called a loving cup?
200. I have 200.
Do I hear 225?
Look, Hamish.
I know you have no interest in what I would normally
Don't be so sure. I was bisexual till I was 62.
Look, Katie Holmes really wants this,
True. It's yours. I'm out.
200 going once, going twice.
Sold. Yes, I'm rich!
Did you just say "I'm"?
I think you're hearing me wrong.
Okay, before we use all this money on the business,
You, me, Chestnut, jet skis.
how many calls?
three. all outgoing.
how do we know this guy's
not that i'm complaining.
i've had some filthy, filthy times in this state.
don't screw this up, all right?
because that's our only lead on this guy.
there were threats, you and lincoln might be kidnapped.
you were in imminent danger.
really.
where was she when my brother was strapped
she'd been working in a madagascar rain forest,
or she wasn't alive, hasn't been for 25 years,
she's on her way.
oh, my god!
why'd this guy call the club's phone and not erica's?
i. they fight a lot,
what do you want with this guy?
he took something that belongs to me.
you did good.
i just need a smoke so bad.
oh, no.
what?
my wallet.
this is the chick who set me up.
we find her, we find our guy.
busting up clubs, firing shots in public.
you keep that up and we're not going to last here much longer.
i don't plan on staying here very long. you?
he puts four enemies together, guaranteed dissension.
no alliances form against him.
this is our guy's girlfriend's address.
he's probably gone,
this is tia.
do you want to know what i think they were talking about?
someone else's words heavily paraphrased.
and it pertains to buildings, structures.
i think you meant it as a metaphor.
what, that the ends justify the means?
which neatly
did you know that she had an almost identical quote
from 30 years ago.
you've done a lot of homework.
just a few conversations.
let me guess. you two had some kind of moment
I've known your mother for years.
well enough to know you've got the same brilliant mind
I'm guessing this isn't about my sense of humor.
she was just
but then she learned the truth.
if the truth is that the company is all about saving the world,
and if my mother is so brilliant and active in the company,
it can't be managed by one person.
but two...
equally formidable, working in lockstep?
absolutely.
that's very good.
you've clearly thought of everything.
michael..
if i weren't telling you the truth,
this is just a stupid girl who dates a criminal.
this is a waste of time.
a signature of burrows' leadership.
all right, we need to make a shift.
my aim is true, don.
keep it in your pants.
i'll keep it in my pants, all right?
all right, all in favor of changing the regime, say "aye."
aye. all right, burrows is out.
good, great. send it.
the company's e-mailing tia's credit card history.
you know, i'm thinking more and more that this is an inside job.
a big ol' goose egg.
nothing. old address books, photographs,
i checked her e-mails and her web sites.
there's nothing from our guy.
are you sure this girlfriend route is the way to go here?
because this is starting to feel like a wasted trip.
how long is it gonna take the company
a couple hours.
you're no longer in charge.
uh-oh, looks like there's been a recount.
bad time?
no, perfect.
the second you stop doing what i tell you to do,
bring her back.
it's not gonna be the same.
why? because two years later it was gone?
you know, three of the four
so what are you suggesting,
time for a... a family reunion in wyoming?
or wherever you like.
don't tell me it's something you haven't wished for.
why,
these pictures could have been taken anywhere at any time.
before you were incarcerated,
you'd bring a bouquet of blue irises.
you'd sit for an hour.
i said stop it.
when you'd leave, you'd take a flower
she watched you do this every year.
she's seen the pain you carry.
she wants to make amends.
all right!
the company can't know i'm talking to you.
you are the company. you're his daughter.
do you want to find michael scofield?
of course ido.
it's 60 miles northeast
what are they doing to him?
having lemonade.
they're carving out his personality.
that's how they recruit.
or you're setting me up.
clandestine warfare isn't pretty,
at least not for me.
michael is the object of a quick and nasty
out.
we need the footage from that security camera.
not to offend either of you, but i took
Sure
A deal's a deal, right? not to be a broken record, but all I ask..
But I think we're making some real progress, general.
The scofield/burrows family would have been a formidable asset to the
General, we can handle a lone female.
If, indeed, that's what we're dealing with.
But it's my experience, that with the one comes many.
Do it now, doctor.
I want scofield pliable for transit.
Your vehicle arrives in 20 minutes.
And if we can't revive him?
Michael, come out. we need to talk.
make yourself a helmet, pal.
we pulled his image off the security tape.
company's running a recognition match right now.
that's great, but that's going to take all day.
do you know where he is right now? with wilcott.
we need to go now.
because better yet,
Throw him a ball or something.
Oh, okay, yeah. That's a great idea.
Okay, on the count of 3, Cal.
Are you ready? 1, 2, 3!
Oh. Okay.
All right, um... . well, hugs!
What the hell?!
Oh, is the hot dog making you angry?
An angry stomach is 12% larger.
I think we've got a real shot
But they're undefeated.
I guess that makes us "Under-dogs."
Not as long as you've been sitting on that couch.
Hey, hey. Can I get in on that floor bagel?
Alex decided to take off some time earlier this summer,
Who's there?
Did you bring food?
But they won't be ready for six weeks.
You have a backup?
Well, I fell asleep on my phone,
You know, do you want to join me?
You go back to work in a few weeks.
You'll regret it if you don't relax a little.
Uh, okay. Sure.
The-this can wait 10 minutes until I get him into the ground, right?
Can you scratch my nose? I feel like you're closer.
Okay, up on the table for a little stomach massage
Hey, gals, things haven't been going that great
Briny rogues!
Sure, some of you are as ugly as a sea cucumber.
Will you get away with ya?
Some of you are closer
And some of you are just fish I've dressed up in a hat.
But you're still the best crew a captain could wish for.
Don't forget Polly.
And not forgetting, never forgetting.
Polly, the finest parrot to sail the seven seas.
Come on, girl.
There's still time to fill these chests with sparkling booty.
I can practically taste that trophy!
Trophy! Trophy! Trophy!
Captain! Sail off the port bow!
Let's get after her, Number Two.
Aye, aye, sir.
Clap on all sail!
Here we go, lads! Look and learn.
Go get 'em, Pirate Captain!
Avast! I'm the Pirate Captain.
And I'm here for your gold.
Gold? This is a plague boat, old man.
I'd give my right arm for some gold.
Or my left.
Right, lads.
Minor hiccup, that last one.
This time,
I'm the Pirate Captain, and I'm here for your gold.
Geography field trip.
I'm the Pirate Captain, and..
Pirate Captain. Blah, blah, blah, blah, gold.
Ghost ship.
Sorry.
Captain, we've sighted another ship, sir.
That's nice.
Do you want to give the order to attack?
No, not really, Number Two. No, I think I've...
Think I had enough of piracy.
I'm hanging up my cutlass.
Captain, no!
Yeah, I was thinking I might go into baby clothes, actually.
What?
I hear there's a fortune to be made in baby clothes
No, but you can't. I mean, the crew..
And the running people through.
Well, I..I do enjoy running people through.
Enjoy it? You're brilliant at it!
You're a brine-soaked terror of the high seas!
Do you think so, Number Two?
Everyone does!
You're more of a pirate than Black Bellamy or any of them.
You're a real pirate.
That's why the crew,
Why do you think they all
What do you say?
By Neptune, where's that ship?
This is the one, lads!
Ninth time lucky! I can feel it in my beard!
Well, don't just sit there like lemons!
Hoist the flag!
Standard, sir?
Or extra gruesome?
Extra gruesome!
Bold theory.
I don't like the monkey.
But to be honest, monkeys are 10 a penny.
He's not a patch on Polly here.
Anyhow, big day tomorrow.
We all need our rest.
Let me show you to your room, Captain.
Right behind you, Chuck.
Now, here's the plan.
You know what to do.
Wait until the bearded idiot is asleep,
Captain.
Honestly, Number Two, what's got into you?
Thanks to Charles, we're about to win lavish untold riches,
Yes, but...
No, no, no. Not another word.
A future Pirate of the Year needs his beauty sleep.
Do you think you could make nautical noises until we drop off?
That's lovely. Now, that is lovely.
Can you do the shiver a timber?
And just chuck in a few gulls, would you?
Ladies and gentlemen, our winner.
Give it up for the Pirate Captain!
Congratulations, Pirate Captain.
Nobody deserves this more than you.
Thanks, Cutlass.
And that beard of yours,
Give it here.
Give it back, Bellamy, it's mine!
No, give it back.
Neptune's navel!
You are hereby banished from Blood Island!
You are a pirate no more!
And stay out!
Yes, well, not a... Not a total success.
We don't need them and their stupid awards.
The best thing about being a pirate isn't the treasure.
She gave half of us tetanus, for goodness sake.
But she was our Polly.
Well, you know, you should be happy for her.
She'll be, she'll be living the high life.
Eating gold bricks wrapped up in, you know, swans.
Well, where are you swabs going? Come on.
Well, we'll have an adventure
Looks like it's just you and me now, eh, Number Two?
Good old inseparable you and me.
Us two against the world, eh?
Like serrano ham and,
And they are awfully fast.
Faster than a horse, if you can believe that.
And they've got an awful ferocious bite.
How about that? You know, the funny thing is,
knowing much about hippos until right now.
Maybe if we could get through this quicker.
Well, another thing is, they can run up to 45 miles per hour,
Did you know that? Fascinating.
What a magnificent creature.
We should get out of here.
What else do you know?
Here's another interesting fact.
They have three stomachs. How about that?
Ah! Come on. Beat it!
Don't get so close.
Just a bird, okay? Come on, get moving. Get out of here.
Anything else we need to know?
Beat it, bird.
Another interesting thing about the ostrich..
It's this stupid face you make.
Huh?
There it is.
Ew! Ew! Old man. Get it together.
Eddie, you okay? You having a heart attack?
His whole left side is shutting down. Eddie, look at me!
Yeah?
There you go. Now you're back.
I've been training four hours a day for six months.
Now look at me!
Man, it is hot out here!
How is this guy a character in an adventure game?
Okay, okay, okay.
I gotta get this guy in shape and build up some endurance.
I know how to do that.
It means that she's got a clue for you.
Oh, that's a coincidence. I got a clue for her.
You got a clue for her.
Wait.
She's your ex-girlfriend. She's the flame.
It's not the moment for it. Forget it.
I did it. I don't know what it was.
Look like your stomach is upset.
Like you ate something bad.
Oh, man.
I'm sweating. I'm sweating.
Stealing makes me very uncomfortable,
So the fruit is in the tree.
But you can't get to it
Don't worry about it.
Milo, what are you doing?
Hold on. Wait, wait. Here we go.
You want a piece of me, huh? That's what you want?
You do not want a piece of him, Milo, I'm telling you.
Oh, that's where you're wrong, young man.
I don't know when! When I get there!
The doctor will be in to see you as soon as she can.
He. Dr. Rielding is a he
When?
As soon as she can. She's very busy.
Now, please, put that gown on!
I don't need a gown!
I'm just meeting him.. Her.
Because I need you to sit down.
I need to stand.
Tine, stand.
The results showed a brain aneurysm.
Mr. Altmann
My uncle died of one.
One minute he was brushing his teeth,
You're thinking, how inconvenient, how annoying
Poor little princess. Poor, poor you.
Well, excuse me for dying!
Sir, I need you to stay calm.
It's bad for your blood pressure.
Please sit back down. How long do I have?
You don't care, remember?
This is jusStI a job! You don't feel this!
Probably takes a diamond commercial or a sick cat
Sick cats, is that what makes you tick?
That's what makes the Lemon Princess get all wah-wah?
Here II am, youir sick and dying pet.
Tell your fucking pet how long he has!
Ninety!
Hey, see this watch? See it?
It belonged to my father. He lived to 90!
Ninety years!
You wanna know what happens in 90 minutes?
Tilke Who
I got a joke. Hang on a second.
Man goes to see a doctor,
It's a terrible shock. What's he gonna do?
So he picks up the phone and he calls his wife, and he says..
Henry, wait up!
Where you going?
Home.
You know, if you want out of the meeting just say So.
or don't show up like you always do..
but this bullshit is really annoying.
Is this gonna take a long time?
You know, you're getting worse.
You know that, right, that you're getting worse?
Four years at Andover. Four years at Penn.
Three years at NYU.
$428,000 so you could fox-trot,
Yeah, and who taught me to love dancing?
I love bagels! Doesn't mean you should be a bagel maker!
So this is funny to you.
No! And you know it isn't!
In 30 minutes or less
No, I don't know.
If you could just pass on the message. Thank you.
Turn and push.
Over there.
Okay. I need to see Henry Altmann.
And you are?
Sharon Gill. Dr. Gill.
Do you have an appointment?
I don't. I'm sorry, it's an emergency, so..
Sorry, but he's gone out.
May I help you?
I don't know. I need to see Henry Altmann.
I'm Henry's brother, Aaron Altmann.
Then again, he had read that condemned prisoners..
often asked for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
And, of course, there was Henry's biggest concern.
Would he be able to raise the flag at all
not for a medical mlracC e
I know I shouldn't be telling you this
And I didn't?
You just can't honor the son we lost..
and you drove away the one we do still have!
Tommy doesn't deserve that!
This has nothing to do with Tommy!
You never accepted his life choices!
Ballroom dancing is not a life choice
Ruck you!
Yeah.
He is patient, kind and here!
So's a spaniel! Get a pet!
I wish you were dead!
Well, it's your lucky fucking day!
Tompkins and Kane.
There's a big tip in it
Not possible.
Of course it's possible. Speed, run red lights.
But, no, there's no need to speed, right?
It's a medical emergency.
We don't wanna get into an accident.
They have cameras at the lights. I would receive tickets.
Just charge me for the minute, come on.
Just give this to me. You just take too long.
That's a lot more than..
Here you go.
Okay, so what did we just talk about?
Brooklyn Dance Academy, dancing that anyone can learn.
How can I help you?
It's Henry Altmann again. Is Tommy there?
No, I'm sorry.
It's his break and he went to go get a slice of pizza.
All in all, the family photos had the decided effect
Do you have family, Dr. Gill?
No. Not really.
Wel., Mom and Dad in Wisconsin.
But, you know, divorced, married.
Thrice!
You know, they say it's worse than childbirth.
You 90t two kidS, right?
Had.
Yeah, I got your Christmas card Iike. 1 2 years ago.
Yeah, I got your Christmas card like 12 years ago.
Oh, you looked so happy.
Ie Tmeven had klC S
I'm a gamer.
Do you have plans for this weekend?
No. Why?
What about... What about the Triday before?
Uh, why?
Felicity's parents are coming into town,
so I was wondering if you could cover for me on Triday!
Oh, shit!
I just came just now.
That was stupid!
that's how life rolls orc.
The only people who don't look back with regret
And I got a lifetime of regrets, boy.
Taking that clerkship in Queens?
What a fool not telling my father to fuck, off!
Less.
Family?
Yeah, family.
So, what, brothers don't count?
I know the ast two years have been tough
But it doesn't mean I've stopped loving you in my own way
Slow, quick, quick, forward, side, close.
Back, side, close, forward, quick, quick.
Slow, quick, quick, slow..
Hey, Mom, what's up?
Have you seen your father?
About two years ago. He hates me, remember
He has a brain aneurysm.
Whac?
Where is he?
I don't know. Ie-Te stormed out of here
Hey, Mom.
Look, I am having the worst day of my
I can't. I can't write prescriptions.
Mom, Mom, Mom, please,
Mom, will you please just.
Okay.
Okay, fine, I'll.. I'll talk to you later.
I am 100% responsible for this man.
So please just tell me where he is.
He had some kind of episode,
Listen, where did he g0? Come on, this is important.
May or may not be important to him.
Certainly ain't important to me.
Uh, cash. I have cash for you.
Does it look like I need money?
Wha?
I know a pill popper when I see one. Come on.
That's everything
So it's important to you.
P lease
All depends on how you hit the water.
Wait, wait, wait. He went to the bridge?
Are you my thorn? My nemesis?
Is it necessary for you to torment me until the very end?
Have you mno humility, no humanity..
no fucking manners?
I just.... . I just wanna help you.
Now I have to jump.
I don't have a brain aneurysm?
No! No! Yes! No, you have that!
About the minutes, I lied? I exaggerated, okay?
You started yelling at me!
You made fun of my cat!
Okay, I was having a stupid affair...
with your doctor, Dr. Fielding, okay?
The jerk left early for the weekend.
dumping all of his patients on me!
And I know I wasn't very empathetic.
I am an emotional hedgehog, but.
Fuck! I wasn't always like this!
Okay? I used to love my patients!
That is why I went into medicine!
Oh, God. No, no, please!
Oh, God.
It al comes down to this.
If you jump..
both of our lives are completely...
irrevocably fucked!
You gave me 90 minutes. It's not up yet.
Can I please..
please just take you to the hospital now?
Ca m. Calm.
So I go across the street to buy a video camera from this nice guy.
A little bit
And I give the video camera to a homeless guy
And I get a little upset because after law school.
he decides to be a dance instructor rather than a lawyer.
The homeless guy?
No, my son.
I had all these business cards printed up.
But what can you do?
I got upset and then I passed out.
And when I came to, I jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge.
That's when she shows up.
She jumps in the East River.
She fishes me out. That's why we're wet.
what would you do if you knew how long you had?
I would try and figure out how to be happy.
Then why don't you?
Maybe I will.
If it's all right with you,
No one expected Henry to survive one day.
Instead, he lived for eight days.
I heard about the accident, so I-I rushed right over.
That's what neighbors do, right?
Well, that's very thoughtful.
We'll tell Gaby you stopped by.
Yeah, don't feel like you have to hang around.
There's nothing we can do.
We can pray.
Dear lord, we ask that you be with this young child
and that she may be returned in full health
Amen.
Well, I have to get home. I'm expecting someone.
Please extend my good wishes to Gaby
Amen.
Oh, Gaby, thank God.
How is Juanita?
She's gonna be fine.
They're keeping her a couple days for observation.
Okay. Fine. But while we're talking about the radio,
Who is it:
Oh, uh, hang on a second.
Ah, I was just wrapping up my first session.
I know. I was watching.
And?
What'd you think?
It was like watching a dream.
And you know why? 'cause I was asleep.
Sit down, honey.
It's time I gave you a few pointers.
Now.. You see what I'm doing here?
And let's not forget the duster.
Okay. Okay, I-I get it.
Uh, we eat off that table.
Am I making my point?
We are selling a fantasy here.
You gotta, you know, loosen up.
I want to. I just...
I can't stop thinking about all those men out there
Yes, they're watching you.
They are spending their hard-earned dollars
that's what happens when you grow needy, whiny tomatoes.
Boys, boys, it's been a month.
Can't you just kiss each other's bottoms and make up?
Isn't that what they do?
Who is that?
She looks lost.
Should we help her?
Oh, dear.
Anyway, obviously.... .
I will pay you for the time you've put in,
You can. send me a check.
Bye, guys.
Have a great day.
Hey, aren't you going to work?
Oh, my first class isn't till 11:00.
I thought I'd spend the morning making more jewelry.
to have a have a husband like. You. Ohh.
Any luck finding an apartment?
Not with my settlement.
With New York prices,
Oh, my God. How will you keep from bumping into yourself?
You know what I was thinking?
Why don't I just find a place here in Fairview?
Fairview?
Uh.... no.
No, no!
You're a New Yorker.
You love the theater, museums.
You said yourself,
Uh, no, I meant here, Lynette.
Really, how hard is it to clean the pot?
Hey! How'd it go with the doctor?
Yeah, can, uh, we, um...
Talk about that?
So what did the doctor say?
You're gonna wanna sit down.
It's a legitimate medical condition.
And you're the one who told me to go to the doctor.
not so you could, uh...
Oh, "Take long baths or get in some extra naps"?
Do me a favor. Read the whole pamphlet.
Gosh, I wish I could, Tom.
Unfortunately, I have to go take care of my other baby.
Dinner is wonderful.
I wanted tonight to be special.
Since the prison didn't allow conjugal visits,
About that..
I can't wait to start cooking for you
but there are certain other... .
I've been faithful to my husband.
I have nothing to hide.
Give me that.
Good morning.
Did you have trouble sleeping?
Ah, I was up kinda late.
Boy, that Tom sure can talk.
You were Up with Tom?
Oh. Yeah. I guess he had a lot on his mind.
No surprise after the way things went
He was complaining about that?
Oh, I don't want to get in the middle.
If you mean my contractor, his name is Keith,
Why? You catch him, uh, grating cheese on his abs?
It just wasn't working out.
Must've been pretty bad for you
I was finally reaching my target heart rate on my walk.
I may like my bed and my food soft,
I guess I was hoping...
Hoping what?
That one day I might outgrow all this.
Ah, that's why you fired Keith.
I just can't have him around. He's too distracting.
And I refuse to make a fool of myself.
And how would that happen?
Bree, I can't tell you how to live your life.
All I know is that not living your life isn't the answer.
I've just. never been very good at taking risks.
Well, then get good, because take my word for it,
Don't feel like you have to help or anything.
Cool.
Where's your dad? His car's gone.
Uh, he and Renee went out to dinner.
He and Renee?
Yeah. They went to that french restaurant dad likes.
They said you could join them if you want.
Oh, I want.
Okay, you unload these groceries
Nah, I've got plans tonight.
I don't want to get stuck babysitting.
Cool.
Wow.
There ya go.
That's quite a haul.
You know, you're gettin' good as this.
I didn't think that was gonna happen.
I'm also getting good at lying to my husband.
I didn't think that was gonna happen either.
How'd you find me?
You follow the scent of my nonexistent cologne?
No. Your answering service said I might find you here.
I was a little out of sorts the other day,
They run great, they're easy to work on.
But he bought a Maserati.
The thing is always in the shop.
very temperamental,
You seem like kind of a Maserati to me.
I'm no Maserati, Keith.
I'm a family sedan with a beige interior
Well, I'm sorry about that,
You've seen my house. It's kind of a mess.
And the truth is, my life's kind of a mess, too.
And when you came in
My house, not my life.
I just want you to work on the house.
I really do sound like a Maserati.
Thanks for listening.
Oh, my god.
Clearly, you are a disturbed young woman.
The good news is,
All I ask in return is for a little affection.
Do you think you can offer me that?
I'll try.
Good.
I'm a patient man, Beth.
But just so we're clear,
Don't worry. I cleaned the pot.
The way things have been going lately.
I'm not as worried about taste as I am poison.
But you were right to make me talk to Tom,
You're welcome.
You know, when I don't feel like killing you.
I think I like having you around.
Good to know since
Yeah, please, and is the end of today too ambitious?
It's late, isn't it? Yeah, our truck already passed.
Tomorrow work? I have a window from, like, 7:00 to 9:00?
Sounds good to me.
Hey, excuse me.
Nice to meet you, Robyn.
Good to meet you too.
Super awkward. Whole first half of the conversation,
Really?
Yeah.
Seemed like a nice guy.
It wasn't a very happy ending.
It sent me into a bit of a rough patch.
I will bore you with the details some other time.
Yeah, no, I revised the plan to include the open staircase.
If you want, my assistant is in Chicago. She can get you a hard copy.
Okay. Great.
Oh. HT
Oh, yeah, yeah, yes. Gordo, hi.
Down there is some storage.
That is going to be Simon's office
Yeah, I know. It was a gift and then it turned out that
He's like, terrified. I have to get rid of it. You want it?
Do you have a baby?
No. No
I mean that's pretty much it.
It's going to come up looking real nice. It's already great.
Thank you.
I should go and check on that.
In fact, there's plenty of food
Oh, I don't want to...
Yeah, security for large corporations.
Like in, you know, information protection.
Yeah. Complicated stuff
don't know how to use it.
We're developing more and more for personal use,
Kind of widening out.
And what do you think about this
As long as you stay healthy,
I want you to start rebuilding the business.
You know, what do I care?
I just don't want you to be stressed, honey,
Especially if you really want to start a family.
Okay.
Kids are honest.
Why do you get a name like Weirdo?
Well, I think that he's misunderstood.
Maybe.
It's not our job to figure out what he is.
I can tell you he's a reverse thief.
Breaking in to give us something? It's not very bright.
Right. Mmm-hmm.
I hope his next gift is a sushi knife for those fish.
You got a new friend.
Ha-ha
Hi. I was in the area. I was wondering, is... Oh.
No. He's at work. Yeah
The fish are beautiful. Really beautiful. Thank you.
Well, ask and thou shall receive, huh, Mr. Bojangles?
You know, most people think that Sammy Davis Jr. or Nina Simone
Really?
Yeah.
Did not know that.
My dad named him, actually.
You're a bit of a door-half-open kind of person?
I love you for it, but you know.
You could just politely decline,
But he would offer an alternative, you know?
He'll keep coming around and around and around, so.
So basically, eventually, you two need to have a conversation.
Oh, God, Simon.
Yep.
Come on, honey. This guy likes you so much. Tell me you don't see it.
Come on. I really don't think that is the reason why.
Come on, honey.
Why all the drop in's and the stop by's
Look at this thing. Good Lord.
I think you're slightly exaggerating.
I think he's obsessed with you, honey.
I think he wants to nail you.
I think he wants to be me,
It seems I have misjudged our situation.
Please know that I would never do anything to upset you both,
However, I will honor your wishes
You won't hear from me again,
expresses how sorry I am that things turned out the way they did.
I also apologize about the dinner."
Turn it over. There's more
Well, you're not forgetting that this guy's not exactly stable?
But he seems okay, right? Other than that?
And we're okay, Jangles is okay, everybody's okay.
So whatever this was, let's put it behind us.
Get him out of our minds, and get on with it.
You know, what do you say?
Question mark, smiley face.
Simon?
Whole semester, I'm still not going to admit that I did it.
Yeah. Yeah, I do.
I'm glad you said that, 'cause
What's going on with you?
I thought we left all this back in Chicago.
Robyn, you worked real fast here.
You got yourself a doctor too already?
Okay, okay, look.
Simon, I.
I need you to call him.
He made peace with us. I think that we have to make peace with him.
What's he got to do with that?
"Cause I'm not feeling good right now.
I feel scared when I'm here by myself
Why would he
It's made me kind of crazy. I... " Yeah.
You're probably paranoid from the pills.
No, it wasn't because of the pills.
I didn't take any.
Are you sure?
No, I didn't take any. No, I wasn't.
Are you mixing this stuff with anything?
This has nothing to do with pills
Do you want to turn the place upside down like you did the last one?
Will you please just listen to me?
If we say sorry to him, we will make this right
Robyn, it's over.
Oh, my God.
And Jangles.
I mean, if you still believe that he took Jangles, which you do,
You asked me if there's something I want to tell you.
This shit, it's over!
Is there something that you wanna tell me?
The subject is closed.
look at what he's done to US. This is his faut.
It's not my fault, it's not your fault.
That's why we've got to just put it behind us.
I want you to just look forward
It heals everything.
Let's just get on with doing what we came here to do.
Let's make a family.
We' start a new life
It's really important to not look back.
No, it's cute. No.
Listen, so don't look now,
Yeah. Do you see him? Right there?
Oh, my God.
It's him. it's the guy from before. The one I told you about.
Well, Robyn, don't
It's great.
Yeah.
It goes with the stroller.
I'm going to take that too.
Take those ones
I don't mean to interrupt.
Look, Mom, sis, in case you guys are gone
Goodbye. Have fun, you guys.
Bye.
Bye. Don't let Mom drink too much.
"Danny McDonald."
"Put your mind at ease. This guy is a nobody."
"2005, breaking and entering De Factos' residence."
Robyn, why don't you just ask him?
Okay, so you can't talk to your husband.
What are you going to do?
I want to find this Greg guy.
Simon's sister said he was involved somehow
Well, maybe you should do some checking of your own.
Greg Pierson.
I came here today 'cause I need to talk to you about a Gordon Mosley.
"Simon, just after all these years,"
"Behold he who conceives mischief and brings forth falsehood."
Look, I think he wants to hurt us
Simon's sister told me that you and him
If you were helping him,
He wasn't being molested.
God, this is crazy.
What do you mean, he wasn't being molested?
She told me that he was found in a car with a
How you doing?
Long time. I saw you up there. Wanted to say hello.
Actually, I tracked you down, Okay?
I wanted to apologize.
Robyn and I were talking about things that happened back at school.
About how I might not have treated you so well,
You accept my apology?
Zou see, it's too late for that.
Got it. Okay.
You know, I was willing
Yeah. What the fuck do you think I'm doing here?
See, you're done with the past,
What? What do you mean by that?
It's a saying.
I know it's a saying, but what do you mean?
Hey, I asked you a question.
Hey!
I gave you a chance.
Speech. Speech.
All credit goes to Kevin.
Truly, without you it would not have happened.
Thank you. Do you hear? He said, "All credit goes to Kevin"
Better speech.
What the hell was that
Somebody does not want you to give a speech.
You just jumped. You jumped so far.
I don't know what chat was. What was that?
S
Careful.
Hey, hey, hey.
I saw the e-mail, you asshole!
Saying you knew people at my old firm, yeah?
Who the fuck did you know at Parker and Fitch?
You fabricated all that shit, admit ic!
No, no, I can get arrested, please.
It's okay.
No. No.
Let him go.
Go ahead, let him go. Let him go.
GO ahead.
I think this is happening.
Okay. All right, let's go.
This is happening. Simon?
It's happening. Get your keys.
Is anyone blocking you in?
Let's go get your bag, okay?
And he hates Central Valley wine.
Hey, great news.
My Sausage of the Month arrived a day early.
You get to be here for the un-boxing.
I'm not gonna film it this time.
Kielbasa, yes!
They took my suggestion again.
I told you it's not a suggestion.
The web page is just asking you to choose one.
Anyways, we have a problem.
I owe him money.
Jay, you need to talk to Sherry
I've kept up my part of the bargain.
Now, don't go all Colombian
Sorry, for once, you're not getting your way.
Hey, Sher, got a sec?
Uh, tough to say. Bartev is two minutes away,
I know you're upset with Manny.
I put some ideas in his head.
You know, I'm kind of a hero to him.
I didn't mean to cause any trouble.
You know, I'm crazy about the kid,
Gloria put you up to this, didn't she?
It's complicated.
You do see the irony of this, right?
And that's not helpful.
You know, I-l got her an iPhone for Christmas.
I'll see where she is.
Oh, that's nice.
Most people her age don't embrace technology.
Oh, no, she doesn't even know she has it.
No, I had my sister slip it in her bag
Same as when we lost you at the zoo.
Uh, for the hundredth time,
Still doesn't explain
Moon Pie!
I'm so happy to see you!
I'm so happy to see you, too!
You got even smaller.
I love it!
Uh, Meemaw, this is Leonard.
That's a risk I'm willing to take!
Well, this is so nice.
He's so excited to have you here and...
Okay, now let's you and me get something straight.
He may think that I came to bake him cookies,
Si-Size me up?
You have an engagement ring?
Yes.
Penny, did you know about this?
All right, let's go.
When did you get an engagement ring?
My mother gave it to me,
Well, thank goodness for that.
Sheldon, will you please tell your grandmother
Oh, I don't think I could do that.
Sheldon, tell this girl
Y.... I'm gonna opt out of that one, too.
Who said I even want to be engaged to him?
And if I do, I-I don't need your hand-me-downs!
let's remain calm
Now, I realize that you've only known each other
You leave the room
Now.
Don't speak to him like he's a child.
I'm gonna go next door and play with Leonard.
Wait, are you saying that we didn't have a vibe?
Why do you care if we have a vibe?
You have a girlfriend.
Come on! I just told you l had a girlfriend.
The least you can do is tell me if we had a vibe.
Sure, we had a vibe.
I knew it. Okay, we did have a vibe.
This is exciting.
What's my next move?
You still have a girlfriend.
Right. Good catch.
Anyway, so I'm sorry to waste your time.
And, uh.. and good luck with your screenplay.
Hang on.
We're both adults.
We can still get together without it meaning anything.
You still got it. You got every move.
The fuck?
I thought you were dead.
Well, so did I, Frenchie. Believe me.
A story for another time.
Outside, French! A word.
I love this fuckin' place!
Don't do this, OK? I need this job.
I need it, mate. Please, don't do this.
And I need a club
Listen, brother. After the cost of the busted-up furniture,
Good luck.
80 bucks?
Believe me, I was.
Flat-lined two times on that slab.
Jesus. If it wasn't for Tommy,
Paid a lot of money to make me undead.
Got shot up pretty bad, Frenchie.
Stomach, one vertebra.
One up here in the lung. Can you imagine?
Actually, had to leave one in near my spine.
Fuck.
Well, kudos to you, mate, because, uh, y'know what?
As far as zombies go...
you're lookin' all right.
So, where's my coupe?
Oh, I'm fine, Sue.
Don't worry about the injuries I took.
Thanks for asking.
Oh, no, no. It's not like that.
See, I just... Because of the,
I'm all right.
I'm pretty good.
Took two in the chest. One here, one there.
I dunno how, but I somehow managed
Well. I was surprisingly all right.
I mean, I've seen a soldier
Yet I take two in the chest
Human body, mate, it's a fucked up thing, I'm telling you.
I'll tell you this as well.
Told 'em my gun went off, whilst I was cleaning it.
Bet they bought that, am I right?
They did. I dunno.
Maybe they couldn't be arsed with the paperwork.
So, where's my coupe?
Didn't shoot out that loving bedside manner of yours, did they?
Frenchie, where's my fuckin' car?
I fuckin' sold that car, mate.
You did what? You did what...
With who? With what? What?
I sold the car to a chop shop, didn't I?
Didn't have a fuckin' choice, did I?
It was covered in my blood, wasn't it?
It's a favor for Tommy. You owe him.
No, I don't think I do.
OK. Tell you what.
I'll do it for Tommy, you can do it for the money.
I ain't that desperate, mate.
Oh yeah? We both know that's not true. Right?
C'mon, French, think about it. Get to split $70K.
How much?
Seventy K.
One more job, and you can be gone forever.
You can go home and do whatever it is the fuck you wanna do.
You can open your gym.
Besides, Frenchie, you know I need this one.
You'd be doing me a square one, yeah?
I'm gettin' nowhere with the 'just call me French' thing, am I?
No, I don't like that one.
Nah, that's a bit shit.
I like, rock music.
All right, Frenchie, how about
What do you say?
So, where are we headed to in Vegas then, mate?
You takin' the piss, mate?
No, I'm not takin' the piss!
What I'm tryin' to tell you is maybe, OK?
Maybe, if it's fucking life-threatening!
Well, good luck with that, mate.
We'll see how you get on with that.
Answer me this though, right?
Let's hope it doesn't get to that.
But it probably fucking will, won't it? Let's be honest.
Do me a favor. Pull over at the next stop, Frenchie.
I could use a drink.
Fill 'er up, Frenchie. I'm gonna go pay inside.
He walkin' his ass over here.
Fucker really comin' over.
Frenchie, I don't have the answers to all these questions.
All I know is it's the right play.
Get the money back to Tommy,
Avante. Let's go.
I dunno about this, mate.
Well, are we gonna do this then, or what?
Yeah, I mean, just give me a minute, will you, Frenchie?
Just a minute, yeah?
Actually...
Kind of all finished with that now, Mal.
Yeah, clean and sober all the way.
We're just here on business.
Tommy called.
It's the $155K that I was loaned.
We're gonna have to collect.
Well, the money's ready.
I got it prepared after the phone call.
But.... .
No games. OK? No games.
I borrow a large sum of money to save my bacon,
But then he goes and gets himself killed.
So, I think I got lucky and got off.
But then you show up on my doorstep to collect.
Who's playing games with who, Sue?
Listen, love.
We traveled a very long way
OK. What do we got here?
A machine gun, three batons. What do you wanna do?
You can curb that shit about denouncing violence for a start.
It ain't denouncing you! Is it, mate? Is it?
We're just here for the money, boys!
Play nice, we'll be nice back.
OK, this ginger prick. AK 47.
Don't worry about me, just worry about the next two jobs.
I don't know,
Uh, it's kinda hard to talk right now.
Yeah, I understand, Tommy. No problem.
I'll check in with you tomorrow, OK? You look after yourself.
I'm sorry I got you into this, Sue.
Is that you, Frenchie? Come on in. It's open!
I managed to snag one of these from across the street.
Thought it might help me sleep.
Now, here's the thing.
I'm not a small man, Sue. OK?
I'm no thoroughbred stallion either,
But the thing is...
it is so fucking cold in this place, right?
My old fella has decided to shrink back
Right? It was like a fucking thimble, mate. It was pathetic.
I mean, just when you want him to, like, stand up proud...
All right?
This is damn good coffee, Frenchie.
Jesus Christ, mate.
Do you gimp out like that every morning?
Just startin' the engines, yeah?
Stay here, yeah? Don't you fuckin' move.
Don't you fuckin' move!
Gimme the bag, Frenchie!
And the gun! Come on.
Let's get the fuck outta here, yeah?
OK, let's go!
Get his ass!
Actually, the kid was a ringer.
Let me tell ya. He was very good.
The kid could've been a good champion,
It was very cold, Frenchie. Very cold.
Yeah, well, I told you boxing's no match for MMA, didn't I?
A lot of people would consider that cheating.
Me and my brothers used to watch that movie all the time
Used to watch that shit over and over again.
Wow.
But I ain't fucking with you today, man.
Despite that bein' the best ninja movie I've ever seen.
Hang on a minute. Are you tellin' me
And that it was good?
Bro! This fucker used to be the shit, man.
Yeah?
And what the fuck happened to you?
Same thing that's gonna happen to you two boys.
It's called life. Yeah? It's called life.
Well, maybe you can use
Cyrus Skinner.
Let me as you a question...
Don't worry about it, Frenchie. It's ok.
They're mistaken.
You're cold-blooded, Felix.
That's not a wise choice of words, Tommy.
Let me have a little peek up in there.
What can I say, Molly?
Y-you seem to be three steps ahead of me.
You lied to my fuckin' face.
These lads are here to see me.
Come on.
Fuck off.
Yeah, Tommy called me and told me that
Spoke to Tommy, that's good.
He wants me to do it with you. Nobody else.
Just you. Specifically, just you!
Then when that thug walked into the burger joint
what can I tell you, Frenchie?
I started to put it all together myself.
And you didn't think to tell me this before?
C'mon, Frenchie, you understand me.
I was lookin' after Tommy, OK?
Besides, the only thing I do know is, if I told you,
If you knew, you wouldn't help me. Th-that I do know.
No, I wouldn't have done.
That's right.
C'mon, I'm sorry, brother.
Fuck off, mate!
Frenchie, c'mon!
Brother, you're.... C'mon, think about it.
Wait a minute. We're three for three.
We've a fuckin' three-run home stretch.
Home stretch to what, mate?
And you don't know him like I know him.
Just...
Just calm down for a second, Frenchie. Just listen.
OK, look.
When leukemia took my little Milly,
It was fuckin' done!
It was done.
He was there for me yet again.
You understand me? With you, I spent a weekend with you.
Yeah. We busted some heads and I call you my brother.
But you gotta understand what me and Tommy are
You with me?
You gotta listen to me now. OK?
Just listen to me.
We should just do one.
And get outta this shit right now.
There's $250,000 in this bag,
I say we split the collection down the fuckin' middle
Don't do it, Frenchie. OK, c'mon. Don't do it.
And I've earned this money, so I'm fuckin' keepin' it!
Let go of the bag, Sue.
I can't let you take the bag, Frenchie.
Let go of the fucking bag, Sue.
Make me.
Jesus, Frenchie! I'm sorry, OK? Look.
Ring's off, I come in peace,
Why did you fuckin' hit me?
C'mon, Frenchie. You fuckin' hit me.
OK. OK, that's it. Just, just give me the bag.
I'm not givin' you the fuckin' bag, Sue!
I'm taking that fuckin' bag.
OK, just leave it. Just fuckin' stop!
Frenchie, please, just c'mon. OK, c'mon please!
I'm takin' that bag, Sue.
Fuck!
Damn.
See, your man Tommy, he lied to me, man.
He said that you were dead.
I mean, you look kinda fucked up but...
y-you, you don't look dead to me, man.
Actually, in Tommy's defense,
Twice.
Come on, Molly. It's me you want, not Sue!
Let him walk outta here.
It's no shame on you!
I always knew that it was you.
But now you're gonna suffer...
watchin' him suffer.
Cutty, hold that.
You see this black beauty right here?
She was trained in the School for the Americas.
Where the most devious motherfuckers
She knows things.
I call her L.L.
Yeah, maybe she has.
Maybe she hasn't. Who knows?
What I do know is that,
Look, I'm sorry it didn't go the way
That's OK, Frenchie. No need to apologize.
Not your fault, right? We did the best we could.
Tommy was big boy, knew what he was gettin' into.
By the way, you remember what I said about me and Tommy?
Well, we go way back, you know? Way back.
We've been through a lot together.
Well, that is not your decision to make.
You're on my road!
And you will pay my price.
And my price includes that horse.
Are you lookin' to die?
You look like you wanna die.
You like killing unarmed men, don't you?
I just like killin' men.
Especially when their conversation bores me so.
Do I know you?
What's that:
Well, I don't know if I can honor your dying wish,
Just.. Just kill me.
No, no, no, no, not so fast.
Why, this is the best moment. Now, we don't want to rush this.
Iust leave.. leave me alone
You are all alone.
in a world that don't celebrate being alone.
Be thankful my son dragged you here behind his horse.
Do you hear me? Do as I tell you.
You will run from this man and you do not look back.
Run for your life.
Grandpa!
You run... if anything happens to me.
Uh, you have any..
water for my horse?
Pond water's not the best water.
Follow me, son. Let's walk down to the creek.
So you're headed south, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
Hmm.
Saw a group of riders, uh.
passing the big trail yesterday.
Zou know, three riders and one woman. Mexican.
What time of day yesterday?
Huh.
Those Mexicans you.... you saw, they.
they took my wife.
They came in the night and they took her.
Those are awful things for any man to have to say.
My concern is that those riders
But they had the fear of God in their... eyes.
bloodshed and kidnapping to your door.
Those things had to be said.
Those men
A son?
He's so beautiful. Honestly, he's just perfect.
He's got these big blue eyes.
They're just like yours,
TWligive youra phone back later, is that all right?
Like cope with the past or something? That's the idea, isn't it?
I served my fucking time.
What about them, Robbie?
Do they count?
Look, I think you should go.
It might help you, too.
Have a seat.
This is Anthony: Anthony's father Andrew.
Anthony's mother Alison, and Anthony's sister Shona.
This is Robbie. And Robbie's partner Leonie.
Good morning, everyone,
It was a Friday night.
I was going out with my girlfriend.
I hadn't seen her for all week
All of a sudden this guy is kicking the car, hitting the bonnet,
He punches me in the face.
He hits my head off the car bonnet.
Starts kicking into me, I'm on the ground.
I just remember hearing Lindsay begging for him to stop.
I just remember thinking,
Broken ribs, cracked wrist.
And, my eve was all messed up.
The surgeon said that I was very lucky,
He had a fractured eye socket, which has left him with a squint:
I thought my son was gonna die.
I thought I'd lost him
When he came back out the hospital,
He just wanted to go into his room, on his own. Do nothing
He packed up his college.
He split up with his girlfriend.
You're nothing.
You're just a wee thug that doesn't know any better
Will Luke fight his son?
Just stuck, in the same shit.
Scared to lose face.
In front of who
Harry, where are you taking us?
Wait and see.
Now listen, you lot. This is my day off.
And if eet caught out in the van with you lot,
So I want you to all repeat after me,
Anybody don't say it,
I hereby do solemnly swear.... .
I hereby do solemnly swear
What I want you to do is just get your head in there
You're at it
It really is such a beautiful room.
Be careful you don't touch anything though.
It's really hot and you could burn yourself.
Come on up.
So this is the still house
It's kinda like the heart of the distillery.
It's where all the magic really does happen,
If I was to change one of these stills,
Come on, follow me.
She's got the body of a goddess.
Come on round this one here.
And they were crafted so beautifully that they actually breathe.
I'm sorry, you can't actually smoke in here.
Sorry, man.
Fuck's sake, you. Give us it.
I'm sorry.
You stupid? You no go to school,
Don't give a fuck, you'll blow us all up, man
Sorry about that, Mairi.
Thank you.
How long do you keep the whisky in the casks for?
Ten, twenty, thirty years. It just depends.
What's the most expensive one?
The most expensive?
Well, we actually found a cask about a year ago.
And we sold one bottle from the cask for 100,000 pounds.
100,000 pounds?
You know I could buy 30,000 bottles of Buckie for that!
That's good. Ave, that is good
Now, our noses are so sensitive
It's our most primitive sense.
Right here goes back to when we used to
Well, some people will never change, eh?
I had one double and that was it.
We were watching you.
I had one.
Put your fags out, boys.
It's no smoking in the van, you know the score.
All aboard!
Did you steal something, Mo?
Nothing.
Doesn't sound like nothing, Mo.
I couldn't resist it. It was far too easy in there.
Put them back.
Harry could lose his job.
Do you want them? You can have them.
I don't like whisky anyway. You have some?
No, I don't fucking want them, Mo. We made Harry a promise.
So you read all these, then?
You bastard.
Nose it.
Fucking watch that aerial, it's holding the telly together.
Look at the state of the fucking thing.
What are you talking about?
Fucking 6 pounds I paid for that bad boy!
They get it from the ground then they dig it up.
What? You dig it up and you throw it in a drink,
Look, give yourselves a bit of time, guys, right?
I was like that at first,
Right, give us it over. Let's try this one.
Fuckino volume. Work, work!
Volume, you bastard. Work. Fucking work.
A bit spicy.
Where does that smell come from?
The casks.
It's like, maybe like a short fermentation.
American oak gives off like coconut, vanilla.
Maybe sometimes even like a chocolate.
That's it. That's it.
Albert, I'm telling you, mate. It's the truth.
Sea breeze, nutty and now fucking coconut.
I'm soaking. I swear I'm wringing
Don't listen to him. He's full of it!
He's soaking.
You all right there, Mo?
All right, Harry.
Bastard. She'll kill me if I go to Edinburgh, man.
Sorry, Harry, you need to send my apologies, big man.
Never mind. Maybe next time, eh?
What is that?
What's he talking about?
I don't know.
That there. What is that?
What, that big thing on top of the hill?
Let's get a younger nose.
I'll go with you, I'll go with you.
Well done. What's your name, son?
I'm Robbie from Carntyne.
Hi. Welcome.
Hi. Harry from Manchester.
From Manchester?
Oh, we've got a ranger a range of locations.
Oh, we've got a range a range of locations.
Oh, we've got a range... a range of locations
Okay. One whisky.
I'll come round in front of you.
Thank you.
And I want you to try and describe it.
And possibly to guess which one it is.
The color tells you that it's probably got a bit of..
It's probably a mix of casks.
both of American oak and European oak.
A sweet nose.
Come on, describe it to me. Fruity?
Polish I'm smelling
Wax polish.
What, like furniture polish?
Yes. Leather and polish and
So, in the mouth.
Big sweetness to start with.
Last night, coincidentally,
It was the most incredible whisky.
Can you tell us what it was?
Come on, please.
But it will come to auction
It was a strange story associated with it
And it's supposed
You said it's going to public auction.
I know where the distillery is and the cas
Are you fucking mad, Mo?
What? This could be our big chance
Make money?
If I get caught doing anything like that,
Psycho-balls offered me five grand.
You what?
Leonie's dad's gonna help you?
He's bought you off?
I don't believe this.
You're gonna piss off and leave Leonie and Buke?
Harry, what am I meant to do?
Time passes and things change.
You might never see them again.
You can't do this. There's gotta be something else.
Have you ever tried a Malt Mill?
What?
A Malt Mill, have you ever tried it?
No, I haven't, no.
It's... It's the Holy Grail.
This is, without doubt, a genuine Malt Mill,
In my view,
What?
awexa wee seat, guys. Please.
Just till we have a serious think about this.
I mean, what is that?
Like a quarter of a million each or something?
Right, this is what's happening.
They're gonna have the auction where the cask is,
Then what they II do is invite the richest collectors, dealers,
What the fuck have you been up to?
Just fucking trust me and you'll find out.
How you doin?
Pleasure to meet you.
All the way from Glasgow, eh?
That's an impressive trip.
So this is the Carntyne Malt Whisky Club?
Well, thanks for seeing us, Mr Dobie.
We're just newly set up.
My name's Robbie. I'm the President.
This here's Albert, Financial Secretary.
Rhino looks after new membership.
And Mo, Social Secretary
Oh, very impressive. Good. And what can we do for you?
Well, we've read the reports and for us,
We've come to ask for your autograph,
And only if it's no bother, also,
It's just so we could tell the grandchildren
Isn't that sweet?
It's more than sweet. This is just so impressive.
They've even got our photos as well now.
With my record, when they know it's gone I'm fucked.
I thought you were smart.
Once they know? But they're not gonna know.
Nothing's gonna go missing.
Everything's gonna be all right. It's all good.
nd did you no see how fucking big the lock were on the door?
And the camera and the alarms?
The camera and the alarms?
There's one camera. One alarm. There's none inside.
How do you know that?
Because I asked the fucking secretary.
She told me the last reported theft was with the Vikings.
Listen, during the tasting
We are privileged to have with us Master of the Quaich,
So, without further ado I shall turn you over to Rory McAllister.
Thank you, Angus.
And may I add my welcome to his.
This is, without doubt, a most unusual occasion.
The discovery of this small cask of Malt Mill
Now then, the moment of truth.
960 in front. 960,000.
It's in the room against the telephones now. 980,000 bid.
Are we done in the room now at 980,000?
You're done, sir, now at 980,000?
It's right in the centre at 980.
New bidder at 1 million.
1 million.
New bidder on the left-hand side now at 1 million.
Is there any further interest now at 1 million?
1.1 million.
Bid's in the centre now at 1.1 million.
Any advance now at 1.1 million pounds?
Are you done, sir, now at 1.1 million..
And 20.
It's on the left at 1,120,000...
It's against you, sir, now at 1,150,000.
Do I hear another bid, sir? At 1,150,000.
At 1,150,000...
The bid's still with you, sir, at 1,150,000.
Any further interest at 1,150,000?
It's yours, sir, at 1,150,000
Thanks very much. Thank you.
Many congratulations. Well done.
Thank you very much
I don't even know his name.
Nation?
Moscow, that's all I know.
Many congratulations, sir.
That's an auction record. Congratulations.
Thank you, thank you.
Could you give us your name, please, sir?
They call me Jim Vincent.
One to keep, one to swap
You didn't do a deal with Dobie?
Hasn't got the nerve.
You little bastard. I'll be damned.
How much do you want?
Fucking molesting some fucking innocent civilians.
It's cos I pissed him off last time.
Fucking shocking.
Fucking policeman.
We shall not be moved!
Billy Connolly. Robert the Bruce.
Braveheart. Ya bastards
Cheers!
You're kidding me on. Give me that. Don't spill any more of that
Jesus Christ.
Did that really just happen? You are a fucking idiot!
You see that whisky pouring away? That's your share. Gone!
Story of mv life.
Can I just say. Say fuck all!
Can I just say Say fuck all!
Listen. If there was only four bottles left in the entire world
Right, but you're just a fucking idiot!
But if there was only two bottles left in the entire world,
Common sense. Supply and demand.
Market fucking forces.
Thaddeus is gonna go mental
No, no, no. You are staying with me.
You're going nowhere.
Aye, just wait here.
And, Albert, don't fuck it up.
Don't attract attention to yourself. Right?
We could have cone in with him.
Stay here
I can't see nothing here. The tension's killing me.
Bend down, let us on your shoulders.
Oh, fuck-off. No.
It's not far from Stirling.
We'll get a wee house there, in the city.
I can't believe he paid all that money for just two bottles.
Two bottles? Try one bottle.
What?
What happened to the other one?
"Thanks for giving me a chance. Robbie."
You know we got a hurricane coming
You got plenty of time.
I'll make it worth your while
There he is. mister negotiator all of a sudden.
What's it gonna cost me?
Let's see.
You gotta replace this whole part,
So all in. I'd say, 200 would be safe.
I didn I do any thing
What is it, tadpole?
an I swim
My... my truck won't start.
If... if I left my equipment and my truck here
I... I gotta check on my family.
I know. I m sorry.
It's not my fault. I tried to finish, and it started raining.
The truck was stalling
ou shouldn't have waited so long to try and leave
Yeah. I can't leave.
Listen stay away from the windows you know
I'll be home as soon as I can.
reat.
You cust stay there nice and coz at some stranger's house
Happiness?
ome on, have some wine relay
I... I don't really drink.
We got a hurricane coming.
What else are you gonna do
Semper Fi
ou don't want to hear about any of that
I was singing in a club in New Orleans
Walt came in to watch.
He was an alluring mix of strength and courage hope
And I I knew right then she was the one
You know what else I can te
W hat
That woman must be out of her mind
If she can't see that then share on her
m so check on Walt
So far the Sheriff's Department have no leads
This is obviously Walter's favorite room.
My great-great-grandfather was a big time real estate man.
My grandparents loved this house.
Sometimes I think I can feel their presence
Mot anymore
What's in here
Come on, let's go upstairs.
This is m favorite room in the house
You can have a seat here.
I m change into something more comfortable.
Despite all the rain coming down it is still so damn hot
It's. you know it's just. Just what
So what'd you see on the US Stark?
How'd you know I was on that ship
al watched it on the news
Bullshit, that's the reason.
I caught shrapnel in my left knee from friendly fire.
I was all set to go out on my first mission
Days.
What
I want to talk to a lawyer.
I want... I... I want my phone call.
What you think this is, New York?
We don't subscribe to that big city nonsense
Yeah, well the power's out
I put my life on it.
And why are you so fascinated with that basement
I've been patient
But that domestic life wasn't what you'd hoped for.
Get Judge Warren on the phone
Can I go home
Good day officers.
hat can I do for you?
This here's a search warrant
Illegal activities?
What happened to your face
It was. power went out during the hurricane.
Yeah.
Yeah?
That's got something in it.
Oh, almost out of cookin' juice.
All right, the next step is very important.
You sure you don't want to pause it?
Oh, no, I'm good.
We got to fix this.
We can't tell her how bad her food is,
So when I found out Chef Dumont was coming to town,
I know. Pretty intense, huh?
Now I just grab the sensor
I probably should have emptied...
You say the word, I hit "Send."
If you're confident, I'm confident.
Because you know what I'll do to you
All right, you are about to get
I know he's serious when he calls me "Young lady."
Okay, no more doing chores with our phones.
We're going to get our-hands dirty.
Really? Okay.
And guess what you're gonna do?
Can I be in charge of watering the cement like the gardener?
Nope. You're gonna get down on your hands and knees
You know what I had to do when I was your age?
You show me one thing in here we can live without.
Oh, hang on.
Check your in-box.
Wait. Is this really worth it?
We've lived together for years
But we start talking about a table,
Well, that means "not one," or "not any"
Well, I don't know if I won that,
Check it out.
Magic wand TV remote!
Yeah, I can control all sorts of stuff.
Did Bernadette think it was cool?
Not when I said "mute" and pointed it at her face.
Oh, uh, let me try.
Channelis changeroni!
This might be my second favorite brown magic wand.
Well, that's the last time I play with that.
I have to take this.
Hello?
Off.
And on.
And the Oprah Network.
I think you have me confused with
Hey, all set. What do you think?
There's plenty of room for everybody,
My spot on the couch has a great view of a window.
Sometimes I can see space battles through it.
It's called a TV.
Do you think this is cool?
No, I think it's stupid.
You're right, it's great.
Hello.
You guys didn't break up.
It's just, you were scared and miserable the whole time.
I think what we're all trying to say is,
L-Like how women often forget the pain of childbirth.
Like a woman. Great analogy.
Fine, maybe I was a little scared.
You peed in your space suit.
You're supposed to do that.
Not during the fitting.
Son, do I need to remind you what you asked me to do
Hang on. That was just me joking around.
You wanted me to shoot you in the foot.
Come on, how is that not a joke?
"You got to get me out of this. Shoot me in the foot."
And how you threw up in zero gravity,
And you threw up again.
And so on and so on.
That was funny.
Okay, so I wasn't exactly John Glenn up there,
Yeah, and I'm a little insulted
I'm having a hard time reading your handwriting.
Oh, uh, allow me to rephrase that.
What the hell are you doing in my lab?
I'm sorry, I was reassigned to this project.
I was told you were taking a temporary sabbatical
N-No, that-that's crazy.
This is my research.
Oh, Amy, there you are.
No, not...
All right, well, when you're done, let me know,
I'm sorry, I'm confused. President Siebert said
Uh, hey, that was my exciting news.
All right, I'm gonna tell you again.
Pretend you haven't heard it.
You got me removed from my own project?
Yeah, and it wasn't easy.
Apparently, you're very difficult to replace.
Hey, just between you and me,
they consider Dr. Park quite the step col! E:
Wow. Banker's hours.
No wonder you're not on the tenure track.
Sheldon, you had no right.
However... A firearm was discharged,
Your honor, before you hand down your ruling,
Make it quick. I already find you uninteresting.
Not only did Susan shoot me at point-blank range,
That true?
Have you been trashing her?
So... I'm thinkin' we're past the chit-chat stage.
I am so sorry.
Let me tell you how shame works.
When you see the wife of the guy you banged,
You don't even smile and say hi.
Oh, my God. You look so cute here.
That was such a classic. I told you I don't want it.
You should try it. It's really mellow.
It's all right. He doesn't need it.
His brain is big enough. Yeah, no, it's big
Harry?
Just..
Harrv?
Just..
Honey, not here.
One thought. I mean, he just can just, poof.
He just, poof. Harry, I think you've had enough.
What are you talking about? I'm talking about I love you.
What?
Yay, someone is ready for bed.
Yeah, I'm definitely ready.
Let's go.
Well, this was a great dinner.
Here, let me... Let me help you. You know what, Mort?
Here. let me.. Let me help you. You know what. Mort?
Mort works hard on his furniture.
Yeah.
I call it the Lone Pine. That's beautiful.
Don't you like it? Of course he does. It's a great chair.
Come on, sit down, sit down. Just feel the wood.
Calvin...
Calvin? Yeah.
Okay. Um, have a great time.
Calvin, I wanna come home.
No. I have to pee.
Stay.
Cyrus, hey. Sorry, I've been busy.
No worries, man. Busy writing? Uh, yeah.
Yeah? Good, that's great. I keep telling them you're working on it.
The publishers are getting anxious about the new book...
Right, the new book.
You seemed excited about it a while back... I'm out right now
Any progress since then? Can I give them some time line... ?
Cyrus, I'm gonna call you back. What?
Ruby!
Hey. Hey, hey. What happened? I turned around and you were gone.
You let go of my hand.
What... .? I had to pick up the phone.
I know, but you let go. Rubv.
You didn't even notice I was gone.
Ruby.
Sweetie, you have to calm down.
I'm gonna get you some water, okay? No.
So write "Ruby went back to normal." No big deal.
I think she was gonna leave me before.
Susie left once.
When? Why didn't you tell me?
You had a lot going on.
And she came back.
But I still think about it.
I don't know. Um, somewhere far.
You could send me postcards. I love getting mail.
Or I might hole up here in the house, not even go outside.
Cool.
We could build a pillow fort.
Yeah, for days. It's a marathon.
You were always asking me to make plans for us. I did.
Don't quote me to myself. I am allowed to change my mind.
I don't want to fight about this. Fine, great! Let's ignore it, then.
Now look at Sheila. Sheila has such a unique look.
And I think that's wonderful. We've all noticed it.
We love your energy.
We love your energy.
Sally made a really interesting choice using that big tease..
..but it was too much.
She's not afraid to be bold.
I'm sorry.
Everything's been so up and down lately, you know?
It's like my internal compass is just gone.
Mavbe I should talk to someone.
You used to see someone, didn't you?
Uh. Dr. Rosenthal.
Maybe you should go back.
I thought we were talking about you.
Yeah, yeah, we are.
Mavbe you're right. Mavbe I just need to get out.
See people. Be social.
This party's gonna be fun.
You wanna write the screenplay yourself?
Oh, of course. Yes, absolutely. Who else would?
I don't know. I've never written one.
My God, you're such a genius, you'd pick it up like that.
I've been telling him that. He doesn't like that word.
I mean, that's the question, right?
Yeah.
You should come and talk to me about it sometime.
Now, Adam and Mandi come in with experience from documentary films.
Everything they touch is authentic. They make it real.
Grounded in reality and... We treat narrative the exact same way...
Okay. Genius.
Made me wanna have a kid.
You have no idea how many people told us the same thing
No, sorry, I'll be right back. Yeah, absolutely.
Great to talk to you. Okay.
What image? Where you left me as soon as I wasn't successful?
You think I gave a shit if you were famous?
All that I wanted was for you, I don't know, to care about me.
Care about you? You left weeks after my father died.
Do you wanna talk about caring? Oh, God.
Wow.
You really let yourself off the hook, don't you?
Goodbve. Cal. Goodbve.
Have a great life.
Come on. It's nice and warm. Swim to me
You can keep your underwear on if you like.
No peeking. All right, I promise, I won't peek.
Oh, boy.
Writing is sensual. It's, uh.
You should see me when I write. I'm like an Olympian.
Oh, really?
I wield my pen..
Your pen? ...ike a lightsaber.
What's going on here? Calvin.
We, uh.We thought we'd take a dip.
Because you don't want me doing anything!
You have all these rules and you don't tell me what they are.
until, whoops. I've broken one.
And then you get to be disappointed with me?
Okay. Uh, do you wanna know my rules?
What? I had a dream about a girl.
So I wrote it down.
I gave her a name.
Ruby.
I wrote all kinds of things about her and then one day I woke up and she..
You were living in my house.
I can make you do anything.
All the same, I cannot help but write this for her.
To tell her:
I'm sorry for so many things.
I couldn't see you when you were here
So is writing
A human being has been created out of ink, paper and the imagination."
..but I have witnessed a rare miracle.
Any writer can attest..
..in the luckiest, happiest state
She came to me wholly herself.
I was just lucky enough to be there to catch her."
Not really, no.
I can write more for you though, Elton.
I'll just send them down to you.
Great. That'd be good.
Great.
My real name's Reggie Dwight.
Cool.
Yeah, it sounds like a cowboy name.
Yeah, all I ever, uh...
All I ever wanted to be was a cowboy, you see.
We're song writing.
Oh, yeah?
Looks like it's going well.
Right, I'm not having a mess in this house.
It's nice and tidy and that's how I want it to stay.
There's never been a problem before.
And there isn't one now.
Look, there's loads of work.
Commitments, tours, etcetera.
That's what I'll be doing. Personal management.
Taking care of things.
Is that right?
You realize I've got a contract with Elton.
I've had that looked into.
And now my client is quite entitled
That's what you think.
Every time we open a paper,
You're breaking your poor mum's heart.
Tell you what, I'll write you a check. Hmm?
So's you can go buy a new one.
Typical that you'd say something like that about me.
When I've given up so much for you.
What have you given up for me?
Your father for a start.
You really are a heartless monster.
You know, I don't live my life in black and white.
And I do not want your fucked up frigid ideas about anything.
You know, I am so sick of running away from who I am.
There's nothing wrong with success.
Or pleasure. In fact, why am I apologizing for it?
Mum, I have fucked everything that moves.
And I've taken every drug known to man.
All of them.
Some girl was more important to you than me.
And all those legends who were welcoming us in.
You left me at the most important time, Bernie.
When did you give up?
If you don't care about yourself,
Whenever I needed you most,
It's not weak
I have worked my balls off
Day in, day out.
For years.
And now, it's me that can't walk down the streets.
It's me who doesn't have a life.
You should come along.
Thanks, no. I don't really do organised.
Well, that's all right. I don't really do illegal.
If you change your mind, you know where to find us.
Just ask for the commune.
Enjoy your leaflets!
Clothes from a clothes shop? Who'd have thought?
The frock isn't the point, as you know.
Come on, sweetheart. Let Granny do your tangles.
You look tired, darling.
Is it still all essays and reading?
Don't they ever have socials or dances you and Gareth could go to?
You know me, Evelyn. I'm not one for dancing.
Veteran comedian Bob Hope has been confirmed
Leave it there.
Last year, 100 million people
Oh, isn't she lovely? Lovely long legs.
I wish I'd had legs like that.
Her Miss World win has taken Eva Rueber-Staier all around the globe.
I'm a Miss World lady.
I don't want Abi watching that.
It's degrading and sexist. For goodness' sake.
What does that even mean?
Right, I'm gonna put supper on.
Well, I think that's sexist.
Making poor Gareth cook dinner.
I wish you'd be careful, darling.
Why should Marjorie have to earn her place in the world
Why should I? Why should any woman?
You don't. He doesn't.
Why should we?
Has she got a point?
I don't deny her sincerity,
The only other forum in which participants
A cattle market? Well, that's an unappealing analogy.
And we're off air.
Very good.
Thank you very much, everyone.
That went very well.
Thank you, Robin.
Lord Bly and Miss Jones, of course.
You did very well indeed. It was extremely clear.
I really enjoyed my time in the pageant.
I don't know what she's talking about.
This rehearsal is your chance to get it right.
Because if you fall flat on your face down this hole or that hole on the night,
Isn't that right, Clive?
That is correct.
What I need you all to do now is to make a line all along here,
Alphabetical order, please. Come on, hurry, hurry.
Not on the stage, darling, please.
Get her off the stage, Clive.
Got it into his head he was going to make a movie star out of her.
It turned out she didn't have the least aptitude for it.
She's still in California, as a matter of fact.
Though what she lives off, Lord alone knows.
I suppose she found herself a sugar daddy somewhere.
I'm sure she was grateful for the break. I know I am.
How's my script coming, Archie?
We were thinking we could make something of the fact
"Of course, I was born here in London.
You can probably tell from the accent."
Let's try and keep it that way, huh?
So, topics for your dissertations. How are you getting on?
No. No. Sorry
Good choice.
Sally?
I was thinking about looking at it from the point of view of women workers.
It's a bit niche.
You might want to rethink.
Or at least refocus.
Mr Miss World.
Is this gonna come forward?
The man who invented this competition. That's his wife.
On the night, this area will be shut down,
We're making sure we keep on top of every situation.
We'd infiltrate the theatre.
I don't get what she's talking about.
What does that mean?
A planned invasion.
What do you mean, infiltrate? Do you mean go inside?
Why not? That's where the cameras will be.
It's probably against the law, for a start.
They're turning oppression into a spectacle.
Let's make a spectacle of our own.
We'd still demonstrate outside?
Of course. We'd just have an action inside as well.
Who'd be prepared to go inside?
Hold on. How do we actually get in without being caught?
We'd buy tickets.
Unless that's too organised.
And you lot would.. you'd have to blend in.
Communal clothes.
Oh, I love them.
No. You look like a bag lady.
What? I look like you. It's what you're wearing.
This is your skirt.
I think we're gonna win.
You couldn't even get a bank account without Dad's permission.
The doctor wouldn't give you birth control.
That was one bank manager and one doctor.
Just because you swallowed it doesn't mean I have to.
Do you know what really makes me laugh about all this?
You fighting for women's rights when you always took your father's side.
"When I grow up, I want to be like Daddy."
He smoked cigarettes and went in taxis and had adventures.
I wanted to have adventures.
I'm sorry that you found me so dull.
I didn't find you dull. You were just trapped.
Jo, I
Bomb, yeah, we heard.
It was The Angry Brigade.
Well, it's not gonna change anything for us, though, is it?
We're not gonna let their actions scupper ours.
Oh, I see.
What, has it got a bit too risky now, has it?
A bit too much like the real thing?
I..I came to warn you.
But seeing as you already know
Leave it to us to make sure your daughter doesn't have to grow up
But just remember,
It wasn't in the venue itself.
No, Julia.
I don't need any hand-holding, damn it.
Miss South Africa will be with us tonight,
Miss Sweden, Marjorie Christel Johansson.
And finally, you'll be very happy to know,
Oh, shit.
If your nerves are suffering... I know mine are.
spare a thought for our seven lovely finalists,
As is customary,
A little hip-joint assembly
God, you're noteworthy!
I just live by the ABC's: Adventurous, Brave, Creative.
That's everything I want in a man.
My man?
Hey, my man, you still there?
Hey.
What? Did you pass out or..
No, I just like, zoned out for a second.
Okay. Do you do that a lot?
Normal amount, I guess.
Yeah, I got to run. Sorry.
Okay, but we need a lot more..
Hey. Bad day to be late.
We just got acquired.
Aren't you supposed to be at the retirement place
Yes, I was there. It's like halfway done.
piano's out of the van, it's on the street, everything's fine.
But I just got a phone call about a really
No, I can't. I'm late
What do you need?
Rizzo! She's tough and tender!
Do me a favor, please.
Make sure Mom's piano gets moved in all the way. All right?
Don't go to Rizzo!
Oh, thanks, Walter. Happy birthday!
Guess what? We just got acquired.
Yeah, I heard. Yeah, there's gonna be changes.
Downsizing of us into some kind of dot-com thing, possibly.
I wonder how this thing goes down, how the transition's gonna play out.
I could probably tell you.
Ted Hendricks, managing director of the transition.
Hey. Tim Naughton. Sales.
Gary Mannheim, graphic design.
And what do you do, cake man?
The cake's just for today.
Directly with LIEE's photo units
I was saying, you know who looks good in a beard?
Dumbledore, not you.
Guy?
What do you do?
I'm a negative asset manager.
Worth the wait.
Mind over matter
Feeling tough? Feeling good.
Well, got to make some tough calls ahead.
You been here before, yeah?
Yeah, so this is if, huh?
Yeah, the "house of pictures."
How was your weekend?
I had an awesome weekend
Tm.. Let's see.
I bathed in Arctic mountain water.
while my Latin lover recited verse to me.
I trust you'll get it where it needs to go..
you always do.
What did you get?
It's a wallet.
With IITE's motto on i
Where's 25? IA's not there
Sean O'Connell sent a telegram.
An actual telegram.
A 100-year-old dude came in a little hat
It's here somewhere. We'll find it.
Okay, make a contact sheet of these frames as soon as you can.
And don't say anything to anyone.
It's sad
Now, you're all valued employees.
But as we undergo this transition to LIFE online..
we wanted to be candid with you..
that some of you will be determined non-vital employees.
to the new partnership.
And we'll be deciding which of those positions..
will be remaining with us over the course of the next week.
Also, we feel sad about that, as you can see.
Now for some good news.
We are very excited.. All right, Don.
Ted Hendricks. Managing director of the transition.
Never fun, this stage.
But we do have ahead of us the privilege of publishing
Come on.
What do you see?
This photo cluster. These three.
They're the only printable ones.
Ie took them around the same time he took 25.
They could give us a clue to where Sean is.
Blow them up, all right? Cool.
Hey.
Walter, right?
That's a villa. It's a little more costly...
but it has a more generous, piano kind of size living room for you though.
Yeah. Yeah, this is good.
Cn move-in, you'd need first month's,
That's $4,700. Great.
Yeah, okay.
The new villa comes open in three weeks.
I'm guessing.
Happy birthday.
Stretch Armstrong!
That's cool. Yeah. Isn't that awesome?
This was your favorite thing when we were little. Do you remember?
You want to do ic
Zou want to do it
Come on, Stretch! Good, good!
Come on, we got to go.
A villa, okay, but hey, I'm not the Queen of Sheba.
You got to have room for your piano.
You can stay at my place until it's ready.
I won't be cramping your scene?
My scene? No.
And sorry we couldn't get you in here today.
This is from you and Tim Linderman.
Do you remember, we were gonna backpack Europe?
That Tune Dad died?
Man! What is in here?
That's my Walter box.
Is that Fall O Oates?
Hey.
Is that another clue?
Yeah. This one's okay. Yeah?
There's a boat there, I think
So, what kind of skateboard does your son have?
Um, I have no idea!
It's oblong. I don't know.
Why?
No, I just
Really?
Let's run away together. Let's make every moment count, starting now.
Sweet!
Can I tell you something?
Anything
Or whatever, and become a gradual old baby. Or something.
I didn't see the movie
We flew mail to her Tuesday.
I'm gonna take it down a little, here.
I just want to speak from the heart.
I lost a good lady.
I feel this song is helping me feel like I'm not alone.
Even though I pretty much am.
Come on, let's sing it.
Everyone.
Let's sing it together.
Don't you want me, baby?
Do you know who flies the mail out?
Do you have regular pilots?
Hey, man.
Just keep it going, man.
Hey. Sing it.
No, no, thank you. I'm all right.
Come on, man. Go on.
I was working as a waitress
I'm on a business trip, I'm working
You don't have to push.
What if I poke you? Don't poke me.
Do your work, man. Don't poke me!
I'm poking you. What am I doing?
Stop poking me! Don't poke me!
Hey!
Come on!
Wait, wait.
There's something here!
There's a fin here, I think!
We are traveling through a porpoise school!
Don't fear the porpoise!
I don't think it's a porpoise!
Yeah, he wrapped the cake in it.
This is a shoot itinerary.
It's a field itinerary for a photo...
Did he say anything about where he was going?
No, he didn't say much.
What is that?
It's in Tceland. It's a volcano
May 2nd. That's tomorrow.
Do you think there's any way..
that we could possibly and in Iceland?
The coast is clear. Come on.
Grab it. Let's go. Let's go.
Quiet. And be careful, don't drop it. And try not to.
I got it! I got it! Watch the egg.
You scramble that egg, and I'll scramble you!
Come on! Carrying an egg, how hard can it be?
The stuff I gotta put up with!
You"ve still got them, Julia?
Yeah, these marks are a little older,
Definitely traveling together though.
You're really good at this.
Almost everything I learned, I learned from spying on Ernie,
You've been acting really weird for a while.
Look, guys, I actually had the..
Hey, look at this!
Guys, guys, guys, guys!
Sit down. Sit down!
I get it. You feel like you have no control in here.
I get it. I understand that.
I am giving you some control.
That's what this is.
What's up? What's up?
Hey, man, what's up? How you been? Top of the morning.
Ah, ah, ah, got the boots on.
Oh, yeah, don't worry, you'll get used to it.
Nice boots.
Pop your cherry today, homeboy. Walking a little funny.
That's definitely not their first rodeo.
Cute in that orange.
He's fucking with you, man. He's fucking with you.
The whole purpose of this program is to learn how to break these wild horses
It pays to keep this program running, and ultimately,
And ironically enough, the police buy most of them.
That horse is crazy.
Okay.
The guy's name was Marquis.
Look alive! We got happy ears.
Marquis.
Now that you've figured that part out,
All right?
Be on his time. And remember what I told you about your shoulders?
You gotta loosen up. You gotta loosen up.
But maybe this is a new, better, boring kind of love.
Do you ever feel that way about Howard?
Oh, that's not really a fair comparison.
I'm basically married to a sexy Buzz Lightyear.
Amy, you?
Can't help ya, kid.
You don't have to shout, Rai.
It's not like I'm an astronaut floating around in outer space.
Oh, wait, I am.
So, is it everything you hoped it would be?
It's better.
I wake up every morning and I just can't believe
Hey, Froot Loops,
Excuse me. I'm talking to my friends.
You know the rules: new guy scrubs the toilet.
If you do good job, next time we give you brush.
Funny.
We're always giving each other a hard time up here.
It's kind of like being in a frat.
You know, joking, kidding around, hurting feelings.
Okay, my turn. Let me talk to him.
Go ahead.
2311 North Los Robles Avenue,
Can you read me? Over.
I was. Now I'm having a nightmare.
What do you want?
Never mind. I still can't tell you.
Penny.
You frightened me.
What are you doing in my bedroom?
Yeah, well, I knocked on the front door,
How did you even get in, you weirdo?
What do you want, Sheldon?
Oh, I was having a little trouble sleeping
Talk about what?
Uh, weather, uh, fish you could do carpentry with.
Why Leonard is such an attractive
Focused Locust.
Temple of Yip.
I'm sorry. Wolowiiz would never play that card.
All right, Lesser Demon TUrtle.
Fairy God Monster, I win.
Your desperate need for friendship makes you weak.
So, what are you guys doing later?
You've got five minutes.
So I say, "I'm looking for Mario."
Guy! They will fucking kill Nicky and Paddy
Guy, you got ten seconds. That's it. Ten!
Nine, eight, seven, six, five. Put it in.
Three, two, one. Now!
The painting and a fall guy.
For Nicky, I figure it was just basic math.
He's facing 20 years and I got a clean sheet.
can't blame him for that. But I can hate him for ic
So I went home
The trust was gone.
Crew was gone.
And everybody went their separate ways.
And I met a girl. Someone I could bank on.
And even if I couldn't, buddy, I'll tell you,
Bit I could bank on Francie.
Virgil.
Right.
Excuse me, sir. Would you consent to a voluntary search?
Right this way, please.
Bad luck, chief.
Thank you.
Ground rules, same as last time.
You talk when I tell you to talk and when I don't, you do not talk.
Don't bark at me. I'm not your dog.
Did I say to talk? Because I don't recall telling you to talk.
How many more times must I do your job
Warning. You make me look stupid, I will crush you.
Two weeks ago, this painting "Model, Rear-View"
Yeah, I've never seen that woman before..
before yesterday.
Do I look like a fucking clown to you?
Clowns try to be funny. You're just unintentionally hysterical.
Shut your giggle hole
Feel it on back and you're left with the original oil painting underneath.
What the fuck is that?
It's a marvelous picture. I'm delighted to have it as part of my collection.
Well, boys, have a nice day.
Where's the Seurat?!
Crunch, she's, she's not even trying anymore.
Happy wife, happy life, right? So you say.
Oh, I don't know, Francie.
When I was a young buck I thought I'd make history,
Hell, I thought I'd be a great man.
understood the word "Francie'
They're literally nothing alike.
Oh, different mothers.
They grew up on different sides of the country.
Their father was the Johnny Appleseed of sperm.
That's revolting.
You're gettin' old, Crunch.
You never used to be that easy.
Look, if it's an apology you need to put this thing to bed..
An apology? You sent me to prison, man.
Exactly. I owe you one.
No. You owe me five and a half
Let's do that, then. Let's go back to work.
I mean, I practically apologized here.
You boys done fistin' in to one another?
Ah, man. I wish you wouldn't use that turn of phrase.
So, can we get down to work now?
No, Paddy. I'm not gonna help Nicky fence that painting.
But the driver got greedy and tried to smuggle a brick of hash
So they arrest our man, put the Gospel in storage
But any expert's gonna look at that Gospel
Which means the Gospel According to James
We get the Bible, we take it to Detroit.
We collect one and a hal/ million dollars
Leave him, lad. I got him.
Let's go, boy.
Sir, I'm telling you, it's happening
Paddy's here, Nicky's here
And Crunch, we know he's desperate for money.
Sir, this is all about the Seurat.
So I need you to authorize eyes on every entry point
I need a full surveillance kit, I need manpower and I need a gun.
Look, there's no fuckin' way you're getting a firearm.
OK. No gun.
Come on! Hold up!
Let's take it down, you're a little testy.
Yeah, well, jail will do that to a man.
Bottom line is, I know that you're hard up for cash.
And let's just say, hypothetically,
So we do this thing with Paddy
A sort of "Sorry for fucking you over" money. Huh?
Oh. Hi, little girl. What's your name?
Robin.
Oh yeah? Very cute.
Gee, I don't know.
Maybe 'cause you just knocked over a nine-year-old little Chinese girl.
There's supposed to be a code, Nicky!
You never prey upon the virtuous or the poor.
You never put the paycheck over your honor.
And you never, ever betray your family!
There is no angle.
There's always an angle with you, man.
You're always hedging, you're always working it.
You think this is about money, Crunch?
Well, I got news for you.
Think again.
Gotta be a cheaper way to do this.
Just because he says he's sorry doesn't make him a changed man.
Like just 'cause you like being drunk doesn't make you an alcoholic.
Crunch! We need the money. How are we gonna pay our bills?
Wow! She's good.
Oh. So, so you made her do this?
No. Crunch needs this.
He needs me
Oh. Well, what I understand is that,
Well, he needs someone to stop him from taking dives for $800.
Take care.
All right. I'll do it. But this one we do my way.
What did ya have in mind?
Well, let's just say things are gonna get a little loud.
That's where the motorcycle kicks in
And Nicky's already dealt with the main gate
In and out in 4.25 minutes.
This may be the worst idea in the history of the world.
There's no dude who can feed a video loop to make some security guard
And as for your Trojan Horse thing,
I actually thought that was kind of bad-ass.
Pardon me, you are who?
He's my apprentice
Ah, fuck you, Nicky.
Look, the Reverend's got somebody on the inside.
And we need to find out who that is. Uncle Paddy,
What time is it in France?
Hello?
Yeah, Guy, it's Nicky.
I do not know you, Nicky.
The son-of-a-bitch hung up on me.
Hm. America Light.
OK, you want to throw things? Throw things, OK!
I don't give a shit! Motherfuck!
OK. OK. No, be careful with that. No, don't do that, OK?
I want to see the piece of paper that says you can go through that!
And you know it and you know it!
I thought we had a 10
Ten thirty-two? You trying to impress me with numbers?
I'll give you an impressive number: 52
I got a number for you: one,
When I was ten or 11,
And I saw an object that blew my mind.
It was a drinking cup fashioned from a single piece of jade.
It was just a cup, but it was perfect.
And it made me look at everything differently.
Turner, Monet, Vermeer, those guys kept my eyes open.
It was a feeling I had, a completeness when art touched me.
I only started getting into trouble when I wanted to possess it.
And you.... what makes you do it?
Money
It's always nice to know...
who you can trust.
I'm gonna find this painting.
Not because I want to get you or your brother in trouble.
I just want to hold it.
Let me ask you a question.
You ever seen the inside of Sing-Sing?
Are you hitting on me?
I will
It's been a breath of fresh air.
Looking good, Sam.
Interpol? Fucking Interpol?!
I'm not going to fuckin' prison! I'm not cut out for that shit!
You see these fuckin' arms, man?
These wet noodles will prevent very few prison rapes.
Francie, I promise you on my mother's eyes,
You gotta trust me. Look, ever since I've been back,
Now... I might have to toss in the "f" word here
OK, my turn.
That has to be Guy.
All right, Guy just landed and we got a little problem.
Interpol.
The toad is in the hole.
What the fuck are you talking about?
The fuckin' huge vagina is in the border station now.
Because of Crunch's record, Interpol will be brought in.
But, since no crime has been committed, they can't touch us.
What the hell am I looking at?
It's four foot high and staring you in the face.
And on the day, what about Interpol?
They're going to be watching us, which we need to fix.
Just trust me for a second. Don't switch the engine on.
Seriously, what are we doing? Why do I listen to you?
You're being distracted
The border. They're at the border.
They stopped following US.
Pick up. Come on, pick up.
Two minutes away. Come on!
Hey! Hey! Here we go. Here we go.
Atta boy, Crunch!
All right, just like the old days.
Yeah, the old days where you threw me to the cops?
Or the old days where a one-eyed pirate steals my bike?
Uh, uh, uh. Now, now, gentlemen.
OK, but don't the Amish ride horse and carriages?
Well, you're progressive.
I can't fucking do this!
Well, you better get your best Brando on, hoss, 'cause we need you.
Yeah, look, Francie, it's not The King's Speech.
Come here. You got two lines:
I'll meet him there.
Oh. Will you?
Yeah. Hey, look, somebody's got to be in Detroit
Do you often feel that your life is just passing you by?
I cannot even be in the same room as you!
OK. OK, Francie.
I got an idea.
I think we can make a lot more money off that Gospel
OI. I fail to see how that makes us rich
Great. Parallel. Hot interested
Uncle Paddy can come up with at least ten more buyers.
And we can get Guy to duplicate a book for each one of them.
We contact the gallery, we let them know their book is stolen.
The news hits the paper and boom.
Meanwhile we ship off ten copies to ten buyers.
Each one thinks they have the original.
Goddamn it if it's not perfect.
Uhh! I just need to tell you something
Well, yeah, I didn't mind Predator Two.
It's not bad. Its OK. Danny Glover.
You can't go wrong. No.
Break a leg.
Oh, yeah! Thank you.
Come on!
I'm never doing this shit again!
You motherfucker! No, no! Hold on!
What the fuck is this! Come on!
Fuck you! Hold on! Hey!
Fuck the both of you!
I think he paid like three grand for the whole place.
He overpaid.
This is a golden opportunity. I'm not doing this for me.
You know I'm flush. I'm doing this for you.
We're dropping this off, we're making a hell of a decent score here.
And in five minutes we're going home.
OK. Where do we find the money to pay for these fakes?
It cost Guy ten grand to fake one.
These fakes would have to stand up to carbon dating
Ten grand a book, that's a hundred grand. I can front it.
You got a 100 grand laying around, Nicky?
Yes, I Co.
You know, I guess this is it.
This could have been big.
We could have made history.
Damn it.
All right, let's go downstairs and talk about it.
A million per book. Ten million bucks, guys.
Ten buyers, I can find. Maybe more.
No, no, no. Let's stick with ten. Let's not get greedy here.
Guy, when can you get started?
Today. Now.
It will take me maybe three weeks... No, one month.
I just need money.
OK, 100 grand, that's covered.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Seven hundred, fifty thousand, minimum.
You just made one for ten thousand.
No. I made the cover for ten grand. The pages are total shit.
And if you want these to pass the carbon dating and the professional scrutiny,
Do we need to carbon date them?
With our buyers, most certainly.
That's it, man. Let's go take it back.
All right, look.
I could come up with about $300,000.
If there was ever a reason to mortgage your home..
Oh, no, no, no, no, man. I'm not doing that.
No, not the house. That's all I got.
If we pull this off, you can buy ten of 'em.
Look, man, I just.... . Look, I don't know, OK?
Listen, I gotta think about it. I wanna run it by Lola.
Well, don't take too long. We don't have time to lose.
Don't talk to me about lost time, Nicky.
I know what you want.
Ah, Jesus Murphy.
Ah, you waste no time.
What can I say? I'm excited.
OK. Great, we're all here.
So, starting tomorrow, there'll be no contact.
During that time period Paddy will have made the sales,
And Lola will be handling the money.
In a month's time, we'll contact Amsterdam,
Ha. The Reverend's gonna be some pissed.
Here's a key to the building.
All right.
Guy's books will be perfect.
They'll pass carbon dating, expert analysis, everything.
However, your copies, they won't need any of that carbon dating crap.
They'll just need to look convincing
Why bother getting all that proper paper for Guy's books?
Why.. why bother working that lot at all?
Because I plan on sending your ten copies of the book
This way, you and I can split it two ways
I see. Family's family, but money's money, eh?
Yeah, well, let me tell you something about family.
Crunch would do the same damn thing if he had any brains in his head.
Yeah, but then he delivers his books
But then they're gonna come after you, my fine chum.
I won't be around.
Later, Crunch! There's gotta be like...
Fuck!
ten experts in the country
Olga Something
It's Nicky Calhoun.
Have you... Have you seen Paddy?
What?
Did you fuckin' see Paddy?
He left a couple of days ago.
What about the Gospel? Did Customs ask you to look at the Gospel?
Gospel? The fuckin' Gospel According to James!
Did they ask you to look at it?
Whac?
And that is the story of the theft of the Mona Lisa.
You just took five and half of the best years of my life away, Nicky.
Nicky Boy,
If we weren't, we'd just spend all our time
All I did was drop off a sculpture.
And then picked it on up.
I just needed to plant the idea and let his imagination do the rest.
Saturday, ten AM. Guy walks into the border station.
I don't need a warrant.
I'm not a cop. But these guys are.
Domenic Calhoun, we've received information
Look who we have here.
Georges Seurat.
"Model, Rear-View," 1887.
I need you to find something for me.
Uncle Paddy could come up with ten buyers easily.
Ten buyers I can find, maybe more.
You see, all he needed was the news of the theft.
Paddy McCarthy here. I got a piece you might be interested in.
That Georges Seurat!
This is all about the Seurat.
This has nothing to do with Nicky's painting
We still need four hundred and fifty.
I can pull together a hundred thousand.
Cut the crap. We know where you were.
We know what you were doing.
Yeah, I just told you. I was at CVS breathing my ass off.
Oh, you were breathing, all right.
You were breathing the rarefied air of celebrities.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Then why are you trembling?
I'm always trembling.
We saw you on Instagram.
We just want to know how you got invited.
I can't talk about it or they won't invite me back next week.
So there's another game next week.
I didn't mean to say that.
Who's in it?
I can't tell you!
How do we get invited?
I don't know!
With William Shatner?
And you didn't tell us?
I'm sorry. Wil made me promise not to.
I thought we were friends.
Oh, come on, you guys would do the same thing.
No, we wouldn't! I told you when I was
It didn't even turn out to be Scarlett Johansson.
Well, that's her fault, not mine!
It doesn't matter
So there's an open seat.
Wil! Wil Wheaton!
Open! Open!
No. No. No.
Hell no.
Look, we know Leonard is out. You need to fill a seat.
Passengers...
This is not a shoe.
This is disorder.
This is size 10 chaos.
This, you see this? This is death.
In this locomotive we call home, there is one thing
Order is the barrier that holds back the cold and death.
We must all of us, on this train of life..
Would you wear a shoe on your head?
Of course you wouldn't wear a shoe on your head.
A shoe doesn't belong in your head.
A shoe belongs on your foot
I am a hat, you are a shoe.
I belong on the head, you belong on the foot.
Yes? So it is.
In the beginning, order was prescribed by your ticket.
Hello? Andrew.
Andrew!
Wake up. Rise and shine.
When you dream too much of the sun, you forget the trees.
I believe this is your son.
I'm sorry, it's not very good.
It's not my best work, it's a little dark.
If you look very deep into the eyes,
What about my boy? You got one of Timmy?
Yes, Tanya. I do.
Calm down. It's okay.
You want him dead? Is that it?
Keep quiet.
Still going for it, are we?
Come on, let's go! Let's do it.
The rifles.
No, we can get them.
We're easily outnumbered their bullets.
This is it.
Curtis, come on.
We're out of time, we gotta do it now.
They've got no bullets! They've got no bullets!
Keep going, keep going!
Close the gate quick. Shut it.
I'm fine, Grey. You go now.
Fuck.
Namgoung is my name, my surname is Minsoo, asshole.
Unknown words.
Try again with the correct vocabulary.
We need your help.
For what?
We're going to the front.
And we need you to open up the gates.
If I don't want to?
That's a pocket of smooth air squatting right over Kissimmee.
We're gonna thread the needle.
Turn us right, 30 degrees.
Departure, SouthJet 227, we need to deviate 30 degrees right.
For weather.
SouthJet 227, 30 degrees right approved.
Report back on course.
Oh, Lord.
He can't help you now, brother.
Uh, SouthJet 227, say altitude.
What should I say?
Tell him we're climbing.
Whoa! What is that?
The elevator feels really stiff, sir.
All right, don't force it.
All right. Margaret, get everybody strapped in.
That came from the back.
Get everybody strapped in tight.
Ladies and gentlemen...
It's pulling left hard, sir.
Power back. Power back!
Sink rate. Pull up.
Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your seatbelts now.
Fasten your seatbelts securely now!
I have no control on my side.
No control at all, sir.
We've lost hydraulics.
We've lost our hydraulics and it feels like our pitch control.
SouthJet 227, Atlanta...
Turn on the backup pumps. The backup pumps.
That is affirm. We are in an uncontrolled..
SouthJet 227, Atlanta. Say your intentions.
Are you declaring an emergency?
Everybody's belted in. Are we going down?
Get belted in.
We need everybody in brace positions.
Yes. That is affirm. We are in a dive!
We are in a dive! We have lost vertical control.
We're gonna need drag.
I want you to throw out everything you got,
Gear! Speed brakes!
Brace position.
Head down! Bend forward! Head down, bend forward!
Uh, gear's down.
I don't think hydraulics is the problem, sir.
We need to dump the fuel. Do it!
All right.
We're in an uncontrolled dive descending out of 21,000 feet.
We're declaring an emergency.
We've dumped our fuel.
We've got a jammed stabilizer or something.
We need a block of altitude to work the problem
And they're keeping him in a coma just to let the brain swelling go down,
He's going to be okay.
What are you doing here, Charlie?
I'm flying a desk now.
I'm a rep for the pilots' union.
You're the rep for the pilots' union?
Yeah, I'm one of them. When your plane went down,
I'm glad you're here.
The union's gonna release a statement on your behalf,
That's.... . You don't have to worry about that.
And I know you and Deana have been divorced for a while now,
Yeah, Knuckles, uh...
How old is he now?
Too old. Fifteen.
On second thought, just bring the booze,
Oh, she's offended and she should be.
I'm a pig. And I hate me.
That's what we have in common, Nurse Ratched.
We both hate me.
You bring my smokes?
Yes, I did.
I got your fucking message,
Here's a fresh carton.
You smoke your nuts off, champion.
Hell, if I was you, I'd fire up right here in the goddamn room.
Here. I got you a pint of vodka,
I know my customer.
Take the vodka with you.
What.. Take the vodka? What are you...
I'm not drinking any more. Take it with you.
I'll just tuck it..
Take the fucking vodka with you.
Okay. All right.
Listen, but you got to come get me tomorrow. Okay?
And..
I want you to go by my condo,
Look in my refrigerator
In the freezer. It's marked "veal."
I'll call you.
Okay. You give a mayday,
Oh, I almost forgot. I got you some stroke mags.
I've been in the hospital before, I know what you need.
They get the results of this test?
Yeah, they do.
Anything else for you gentlemen?
Yeah. You had warm cinnamon buns over there, right?
Yes, sir.
Could you get me one of those, please?
Sure.
In fact, get me two of them.
And if it is proven that your intoxication
That could be life in prison.
Now can I please do my job on your behalf
He's gonna get it done, Whip. He'll get it done.
It's what his whole life's about.
Trust me. Trust him.
You don't have to worry, you'll walk away from this the hero.
I'm not worried, Charlie.
I promise you that I'm not worried.
No one could have landed that plane like I did.
No one.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
You sure it's all right that I stay here?
Yes, it's all right that you stay here.
I want you to stay.
That knee hurting you?
Yes, it is. Yes, it is.
Oh. Thank you, Doctor.
The blood's having a hard time getting back to your heart.
Feels good, though.
You going to shoot me? Or can I come inside?
Yeah, come on inside. I'll shoot you inside.
Listen, I thought we'd take a ride.
There's something I need to show you.
Okay.
There it is.
You can see on initial impact, the left wing hit the ground.
Think if it would have sheared off completely,
You can't drink, Captain.
You're under the microscope right now.
You can't be seen buying liquor.
That means no bars, no drugs..
I understand. I won't drink, I promise you.
Everybody in Georgia likes baseball.
The whole country likes baseball.
Cut the crap.
So, what's the deal, Lenny?
Is your union going to survive this one?
More importantly, how big a check you think I'm gonna have to write?
I'm wearing nothing but my girlfriend's panties,
And I say to them, "Uh, I might have had two beers."
Have I gone off format?
My name is Barry and I am an alcoholic.
Hi, Barry.
Are there any other alcoholics present?
I always love a meeting where we
And I never told the truth out there, obviously.
I lied about everything.
I was taught in these rooms that I would never get sober
If I knew anything in this world it was how to lie,
And my whole life just became
I'm going to go, okay?
I prayed on it, Captain. Vicky and I both prayed on it.
There is only one judge, sir.
Praise Jesus.
And he's got a higher plan for you.
This event, although it's tragic in its loss of life,
Nothing happens in the Kingdom of the Lord by mistake, sir.
Praise Jesus.
Captain.
Will you pray with us?
Jesus, our savior, we thank you for blessing Captain Whitaker.
For guiding his hand on that fateful morning.
Yeah, call you. But I mean,
Have you been drinking?
Well, that didn't take long, did it?
Seventeen seconds. Yeah. Exactly 17 seconds.
Ladies and gentlemen...
I'm gonna ask you just to leave.
It took exactly 17 seconds for my ex-wife,
Who's making all that noise?
Let's just get him to the bed. Come on.
Come on. That's all right.
That's it, Charlie.
Okay? That's it. We're fucked, man. He just fucked us.
Your guy just fucked us, Charlie.
All right. You just get on the front door make sure nobody comes in.
Put that on your head.
There you go, man. What time is it?
We've got 45 minutes, okay?
How much grace you think we've got?
Grace? Ellen Block?
We're going to get some fucking grace?
Well, we probably got an hour before
Okay. Great. Well, let's just get a wheelchair
Call Harling Mays, man.
Pay him.
Thank you. Okay.
There's a gram in here.
You take it. You paid for it. He's going to need it later.
My work here is finished.
I.. We are inverted
That audio is tragic and compelling.
I chose to play that part of the cockpit recording
I'm not sure if it was conscious. But.
it was more like instinct.
What led to that decision?
I don't recall.
Let me quote from an investigative summary.
"From 9:34 until 9:42,
We pitched nose down.
First Officer Evans' testimony confirms the same.
I want to show you something.
Nothing's happening.
This remote isn't working.
Apologies. I can do this manually.
We can not choose our gifts. Allow me? Dont be shy
I'm going to read gum. I'm a professional. Trust me.
Interesting teeth marks.
I see that you're a writer..
from Phoenix, Montana.
You came here to be inspired by the English countryside..
and escape from your busy life in the US
Absolutely not. No.
Another try. Just one.
I see what went wrong. It is very clear now.
I see a dark past.
We'll even let Mrs. Evans show how you dress.
I would let her do, but we are here tonight
I know all the words to "Green Eovs and Ham"
One of these books is also good, but you must read loud and clear.
Yes of course.
And now his choice of music.
You have to sit up. Like a good boy.
Music.
Brahms can not live without his music. II is his world
he enjoys it so much that I do not dare to hold him off
That is, we fight constantly against nature..
the weather, the plants and pests. Especially pests.
And so we have to take certain measures against them.
Hello my love.
Mr. Jolly Shire will explain the rest of your tasks.
The food is here
We do our best to maintain the house. use the fireplace anymore.
Dangerous. And sadly, our last craftsman...
windows painted shut.
Personally I do not need all this, but
And Brahms was never crazy about animals.
He was always quite shy.
Very timid.
I do not know how this looks to you and to be honest.
I do not know how it got this far.
Little by little, and then all at once
our son is here. He is truly with us.
Good. That is very 2ood.
Dear Jesus, meek and mild, watch over this small child.
Forgive my mistakes and let me come with you.
God bless Mommy. God bless dad.
God bless Greta
You behaved like a little gentleman.
Mommy is so proud of you.
Would you give us some time to talk to Brahms?
Of course.
He wants you. He has chosen you as you want.
I do not know. This is so creepy.
A huge house in limbo. No neighbors.
There was a fire and Brahms did not survive.
On his eighth birthday. So sad
It must seem strange. It is also very strange.
It is innocent.
Their way of dealing with it.
I can not imagine what it's like to lose a child.
So he died 20 years ago? He might have about your age.
They live so for 20 years?
And searching for a year for a nanny.
You will probably crazy in this house?
It might be good to get out.I can show u our world-famous night.
I know you Brahms can not leave, but I will not tell
No, you can believe me. This is a...
professional courtesy because we work for the same people.
It is a duty. I will absolutely not enjoy it, I promise.
There do two stories in this city.
There is the polite story and rumors.
And the truth lies somewhere in the middle.
What is the polite story?
He was a nice guy and it is a pity that he died so young
He was not such a nice boy.
He was really very strange.
Yes, you can trust them.
Thus, it is not. He did not come here to check the whole house.
Watch out. You'll wake up in the middle of the night...
he'll be standing over you in your coral dress...
and lipstick all over his face.
I'm serious.
There are really bad people out there in this world.
Unfortunately, you should know that better than most
Cole told him some story about wanted
He did not know how else to him to come off, he is ten years.
I have to say sorry because I have you here in question.
Do not say that, we are family.
And you've done nothing wrong.
What happened was his fault. What he has taken from you.
I will not read what that bastard sends me.
Everything happens for a reason.
Hello.
I decided to take the stuff to make this week a little earlier.
I can come back if you...
No, I was not expecting. That's all.
I brought the mail.
Are you sure everything's okay?
Yeah
You and Brahms get along well with each other.
I do not think I should.
Why not?
You should not worry about Brahms.
You think do not mind, you old nag.
Of course not. I was hoping she would go. I want some privacy.
I watch television and take a bath. A little Brahms time
Maybe another time.
Yeah, maybe some other time.
I go again.
Do you hear me?
Here is your food.
If there is a spirit in this house, give me a sign.
Stupid.
I'm sorry I let you all come back.Is everything alright?
want someone else sees this.
And when I found out I was pregnant.
He swore that he would change.
That he was sorry.
And I believed him.
One day he started again and...
my sister took me to the hospital.
But I knew I'd lost the baby.
What I'm trying to say is that I.
I know how it feels to lose a child.
What in hell is going on?
You'll damage your ears, silly boy.
Why are you doing this?
After this, you might sleep better tonight in the village.
What just happened..
that music.
That was not.
Children have tantrums. It was a tantrum
Let's take a step back in order to think about.
It is not necessary.
I know exactly what's going on. I am going nowhere.
Ms. Jolly Shire ask me to look after him. I am going to do.
They'll understand it in this case.
They chose me. They want me to stay here
Damn.
I should have told you this before.
but I didn't want to scare you off.
Once a week, came here to play a little girl
And on his birthday she comes out but never makes it home.
Eventually found her corpse in the woods. Her skull was smashed.
What do you think all that stuff dolls?
I do not know. I try not to interfere in other people's affairs.
Sensible man.
I have the stuff at me, do you want to see if everything is there.
Yes of course. I'll be right back.
But I want you to know...
you do not leave me.
I will not let you g0, no matter where your flight back.
Do you understand?
Go pack so you're ready tomorrow.
Do not worry, I will not leave you.
But I need your help.
Come here.
Do not play games with me. Who could have done it differently?
There is nobody else in this house.
The doll
Do not mess with me
You did not do it.
1t was the doll
Maybe you left it message for me.
Or are you going to say that it was the doll? What did Brahms?
You do not understand what is happening. The doll.
No. I think I understand exactly what's going on.
Give me the doll. What's so special about that doll?
Wait, you're gonna fall.
I can't believe we have a broom.
All this time I've been sweeping with an Us Weekly.
I knew this would happen, but I didn't say anything,
And by "We," I mean "You."
Okay, now she broke our house. We're in a war.
She wants a piece of me, she's gonna get it.
Where are my heels?
I mean, who did she think I am?
Someone she can just buy off with a tube of Chanel?
Well, your legs did kind of snap back
I thought you were man with pizza.
You have a porch swing in there.
You have an electric cigarette.
What is it you two girls want?
Uh, I forgot.
Just so thrown by the swing and the everything.
Oh, you're taking advantage of us
You know, like people do.
Welcome to Williamsburg diner.
How many in your party?
What kind of question is this?
One, I am my own party.
I take booth.
This place is busy.
The waiters must make a fortune.
Oh, yeah, 300, 350 a night.
What do you girls make?
60 to 80 on a good might.
And how do you expect you will accomplish cupcake, business
Well, we're just starting out.
Yes, but at this rate, it will take forever
I am building summer house by lake in Poland.
You want to see?
Oh, you have pictures?
No, I have house.
This is model from the architect.
And I take it everywhere I am, to remember where I'm going.
It's cool.
See, girls like you should be making more money.
Thank you for sending girl to my apartment yesterday.
Oh, did she do the job?
Oh, like no one ever before.
Down on all fours, under, over,
Well, my girls don't leave until you're satisfied.
Maybe she can come two times a week.
She can come whenever you want her to come.
Well, we were just discussing that.
Well, this one here looks like she can take a lot.
Uh, thanks?
My friend Yanni is at the bar.
Since his divorce, he's in great need of your service.
And one.. and two..
All right, Gollum, we're good.
I L L 1 I L1
You could probably still get a room.
No, I think we're just gonna have a quiet weekend at home.
Plus, I'm not sure it's a great idea
What? It's a joke.
Oh, come on. We bust on each other.
You'd think I'd have a vet.
Okay. There's one not far from here. Come on. Let's go.
Okay. Koothrappali was right.
We should have let her watch.
Do another one, do another one!
Okay.
Oh, and, Amy, guess what?
The conductor said as soon as he gets off work,
Okay. I need to speak to my boyfriend in private,
There's a car with a glass roof.
Want to go look at the stars?
Oh, that sounds so romantic.
Oh, give it a rest!
Let's go.
Why are you still here?
Excuse me.
I think you're being a little rude.
I'm being rude?
You've been rude to me this entire evening.
How is that possible?
I've hardly spoken to you since we got on the train.
I'm detecting a little friction between you two,
Get it?
I get it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, Ryan's still in the car park.
Forget it, kid.
Ryan's still in the car park.
Forget it.
If it's flooded up here,
Tina!
Okay, I need your help.
I need you to help your dad, okay?
Put your hands here and keep pressure on his leg.
Can you do that for me?
Um, clue...I know I did, and they're not.
You bought me fake Gucci.
You wouldn't have known if I didn't just tell you.
I can't believe you. Fake Gucci?
Just give me your shoes.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna tie it to this shelf
Get the hell out of here.
All I need isa hook.
You can't save everybody, mate.
You must be getting used to that by now.
It's not that far.
If we can distract the shark,
III do it.
What? Dad, no.
Oh, you can't, not with your leg.
My leg is exactly why I should go.
Dad, no, please.
You keep my daughter safe.
No matter what happens, you get her out of here, okay?
Jaimie!
Jaimie! Jaimie!
Sefu, I will be repairing
He wants to know, if he dies,
Our sister's birthday is tomorrow,
We are gonna take really good care of you. Okay?
And you are not gonna ruin your sister's birthday.
We have to look at his chest. Okay?
Sir.
Get off me! I told you that I'm fine!
I don't need any help.
Sir, please.
Sir, if you continue to try to get out of bed,
Get off me. Get off
B-52 cocktail.
Ought to calm him down.
Okay, listen, I need to get back
Dad, look at this.
The battle helmets of Master Rat's army. They're so tiny.
Master Dolphin's water proof armor. This is my favorite.
Check it out. It's the legendary battle rickshaw of emperor Hawk
Dad, what are you doing? We're not supposed to touch anything.
Sorry, sorry. Should I put it back?
Yeah, you probably should. You look so cool, though.
How does it feel? Do the hinges hinge? Does it smell like rhino?
Does it feel like you're impenetrable?
Does it feel like you can take on a thousand warriors
Yes, it's pretty cool.
What this does? I should pull it.
I think I just peed a little.
Anything else we should try in here, son?
Charge!
Easter, faster, faster!
Wow, how did you just guess that?
Oh, wait a second. Yeah of course. We look exactly the same.
Dad. Say hi to my friends,
Oh, Viper, was it? Monkey, sir.
They're kind of my best friends.
And this. this is Master Shifu. Legend.
It is an honor to meet you, Master Panda.
Perhaps your father would care to join us in the training hall?
Your son will be teaching the class.
Look. Iit's you.
Po, focus!
Message from the universe. I'll give you one message from the universe..
Stay away from my son.
Sorry dad. I'll clean it up later.
Whoa, whoa, not my good pan. Take this one.
Lotus, watch out!
Dad, check out my dumplings of doom.
Goicha!
I see you.
Your chi wil soon be mine.
Is he talking to me?
Which one? They're all talking
We should try that, too. Maybe it'd be scary back at them.
Okay, but we gotta plan what we're gonna say first,
There's so much wisdom in here, I can't find anything
Behold.
All the answers will be found within
Wait, wait. Hold on. Sorry, okay, here we go.
It is written in Oogway's hand.
Yes, pandas.
Pandas who used the power of chi to heal me
They taught me how to g ve ch
He saw that what could be given could also be taken.
I had to stop him.
Our battle shook the Earth.
We have to make a way to stop him.
He gets more more powerful with every Master he defeats.
There is no choice. We fight.
I can teach you, son.
You can do this?
Of course, I'm a panda.
That must be why the universe sent you here.
Okay, so what do I have to do?
You must rediscover what it is to be a panda.
You have to earn how to live like a panda. Sleep like a panda.
Eat like a panda.
Those 103 dumplings? I was just warming up.
I've always felt like I wasn't eating up to my full potential.
You can't take Po away from me. No, no I want a second opinion.
Shifu, open another scroll or something
Fine. A third opinion.
Just because you say "Wings of.."
" Thorax of making sandwiches"
Whoa, there.
Master Bear, Master Chicken, Master Croc, what are you doing out here?
Jade creatures attacked our villages. We've tracked them here.
Stop.
They must be in there.
Master Shifu strongly advised uS
ut Master Shifu said... "You're seriously afraid?
Even Master Chicken's going in there and he's a chicken.
That's it, I'm going in.
Mantis, we have orders not to.
They need our help. Come on. I'll go high, you go low.
No, wait.
Fear the bug.
Alright, you little.
Alright, you little...!
I'm ready for my first day of panda training.
yha ?
You know, learn to be a panda, Master chi, save the world.
Pandas sleep till past noon.
So lesson number one is 2o back to bed.
Of course.
Nobody said this was gonna be easy
Ha, ha! You sure did.
Subtle, Po. Very subtle.
Let me get some of that.
And leave my hat alone.
We love noodles!
Oh, just like my Po.
No, you can't!
But you don't have to be.
That's what Shifu meant. I don't have to turn you into me.
I have to turn you into you!
That doesn't make any sense.
I know!
Thanks, dads. You're welcome?
I'm gonna do something I never thought I'd be able to do.
I'm gonna teach kung fu.
You guys, your real strength comes from being the best you you can be.
So, who are you? What are you good at?
What do you love? What makes you you?
Yes, good. Good, again.
Good, again.
Good, good, good, again.
And you must be K al.
Beast of vengeance, maker of widows.
Yes, finally.
Thank you, almost makes me wanna spare your life.
Oh, you wanna spare me?
No, no, he's freakishly strong and off the charts size-wise.
On the charts. 99th percentile.
He has two teeth and I've seen him eat a whole chicken.
All right, I got to go.
Wait, where's my hug?
Hug!
Go! Go! Save yourself!
Our costumes are in the back.
Phil and I are going to Hero-Con
Um, I-I've always wanted to go,
So I've asked Phil to keep it between us.
That's why we chose our secret warrior signal.
My first suggestion was to blow a Viking horn.
Don't ever Google that, by the way.
I already did.
This year, there's a panel, um, on our favorite show,
Thanks a lot, gal at the MAC counter.
Who cares? We look great.
Let's do this!
Just remember we left our trusty steed in section 22B.
I can't do it, Phil.
Oh, okay. I can write it down.
No, no. I-I-I thought I was ready, but I'm not.
Have you seen Margaret?
I need her to clear my day.
I just found out you can get the Golf Channel online.
Nope, she's out sick again.
Oh, Dad, don't forget we're about to meet with
Margaret is very vulnerable.
I've had to rescue her a bunch of times
Come on. Let's get our girl back!
You were all the way out of the Grand Canyon
But, sure, let's go save Margaret.
Mom, my dinosaur party looks amazing!
But we're in that room.
Somebody must've done another dinosaur party right next to us.
Gloria?
Doctor Donna Duncan.
You remember my stepson, Digby.
He prefers nonverbal communication.
This is your party?
You see, I saw that you had signed up
All right. The panel's this way.
Hey, man. Sick scale armor!
Oh, really? You think so? It's not too much with the cape?
I wanted something that would go from feast to battle.
Crushed it.
Yes!
Oh, we're about to take our annual Norph group photo.
You coming?
Yes, yes!
Mitch?
That's a very, very good question...
Mitchell?
..and the answer to that is...
Scary ogre teeth. Where'd you get those?
I'm guessing my birth parents.
Why can't I just shut up?
Sorry, was I going on too long?
You're Joel L.L. Logan.
What's your question, friend?
I may have created this kingdom,
In that case, Mr. Logan...
Uh, I read on a fan page
This show is the only thing I've got going on and you ruined it!
They let you bring your spheres?!
They took away my tweezers!
Manny?
This is the check Mrs. Nussbaum gave me
It's yours if you come with me.
Okay.
Wait, what?
Well, Haley already warned me you'd be asking
My favorite research institute is on the way.
This shall not go unpunished!
Let's get him!
Where have you been? I've been waiting forever.
I was angry. I needed to take a walk
You want to take another lap?
Dad, I am right about this.
Eventually Nick is gonna figure out how to keep up with demand,
I know your style has always been just tough it out
You're right. We can't beat these guys.
A merger's the only long-term play.
I just don't know who I am in there.
What?
They're all 25, zippin' around on their...
The show took on corporate sponsors in season four.
Seriously, Gary?
I helped you build a deck!
Okay, stop, stop it! What are we doing, huh?
Is this how Norphs behave?
Actually, we're quite war-like.
Look, look, this man, he made a mistake,
Do you both remember the secret plan?
I've got it all right here. When do I tell the queen the secret?
You must be patient, Thistlewit.
Do you think Queen Aurora's awake yet?
Well, she's not "Sleeping Beauty" anymore.
I see what you did there.
Next item of business, the missing fairies.
I've sent more sprites to search the Tomb Bloom field.
They'll report back to me at nightfall.
We will keep searching until we find them.
Please don't raise your roots at me, Lief.
Crushing humans with branches is not going to help.
Please, leave His Majesty his dignity.
We all saw what Maleficent did to him.
I'm so sorry.
A curse upon our king is a curse upon this kingdom.
All he wanted was peace.
This is all my fault.
You have nothing to apologize for, my dear.
No one's seen her.
I'm so happy to see you.
She's nowhere to be found.
What if she never comes back?
I could be stuck as a human forever.
I have to find her.
She's the only one who can break the curse.
Tell me she's dead.
The iron pierced her flesh.
She fell into the river and went over the falls.
Then where is her head?
There was something else.
Another creature.
It pulled her from the depths of the sea.
What did it look like?
Her.
It carried her up into the sky.
A wounded animal lashes out and now she's not alone.
We must be ready for war.
If Conall hadn't found her, she would be dead.
They tried to kill her with this.
Do you hear it?
It's a message from the humans.
I hear it loud and clear.
Time for us to die.
Humans have used iron against us for centuries.
And we are almost extinct because of it.
Killing peasants on the Moors will only lead to more conflict, Borra.
They've pulled the iron from the earth...
made their swords and shields, drove us underground.
But this...
This will finish us.
Our people are safe here for now.
But for how long?
The humans will find us. They will not stop.
I call for war.
Right now!
There are too many humans.
Too many kingdoms.
This is where we bury our dead.
They've destroyed it.
This is what the humans do.
They're nothing but locusts that swarm the earth.
We have to stop them.
You spent years caring for a human...
now it's time to care for your own.
I mean, snowboards are just too emo for me.
Those things are a fad. In 10 years they'll be gone.
Yeah, that's what they said about rap.
That's true.
can you guys smell that fresh mountain air?
It smells a bit like...
cancer.
Why am I friends with you?
I don't know.
Here, give me a drag.
Do you guys know when we're gonna get back?
'cause I've got like two weeks worth of chapters to read.
Oh come on. She broke the first rule.
You can't talk about real life shit while we're up here.
The whole point of being here is to forget about all that shit,
Okay.
Deal with that shit when you get home.
Okay, but I've got...
Okay, what asshole couldn't get on the chair right?
What the hell, right? Dude.
Oh, that's good. Yell more.
Just go, okay? I'll be there in a second.
I am so sorry about that. He can be such an asshole sometimes.
I was seriously just trying to help.
I mean, I don't know if I can compete with a catch like that.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, thank you for your help.
I'm really sorry about that.
What?
Just remember 830.
Just one more time, please?
Sorry.
I'd give you more money but I gave it all to you.
Hey, you got a pen?
It's not about the money. We got weather coming in.
We're trying to clear the mountain. There's nothing I can do.
Okay, what if we run straight down? Like the quickest run ever?
We'll be, like, wicked fast.
We gave you 100 bucks.
come on.
Please?
Seriously, for 100 bucks you'd figure the guy would cut us some slack.
No shit.
I thought they were open till 10:00 on Sundays.
What ever happened to night skiing?
Wachusett's got night skiing. Should have gone there.
It's kind of like Quash Hill, just not as lame.
Do you remember the numbers I told you?
come on, Rifkin, it's my brother's bachelor party.
I put in for it two months ago.
Go talk to the boss. He's packing up.
I'm the best man.
Ready to shut down?
There's three more on the way down. Wait for them and it's all set.
I am not waiting till we get back to campus to eat.
I am starving.
Why didn't you just eat some of that pizza?
Oh, you mean the cardboard with tomato sauce you guys ate?
That's not pizza.
This big chick fell at the top and twisted her leg, you know?
And I was like, fine, people. Just hoist her off to the side.
Keep the line moving. But no, they had to stop,
What? come on.
Oh, come on now.
Man, this is so messed up.
Are you kidding me?
Dan.
I kind of just shat my pants a little bit. I'm not gonna lie.
Hey!
Turn the goddamn lights on!
They forgot that we're up here. No one knows we're up here.
They didn't forget that we're up here, okay?
There's cameras all over the place.
Hello!
Hey!
Yeah.
I'm so gonna call that girl when I get back.
You know what?
I'm gonna ask her to marry me. No messing around.
I'm just gonna call her and I'm gonna be like, "Hey, Shannon.
Be careful what you wish for, right?
How come you never have a girlfriend?
How am I supposed to answer that?
I just mean you're a decent guy.
And chicks dig you.
But you never have a relationship.
I had a serious girlfriend once.
You know what comes next, don't you, Pen?
So when is the next one?
Soon. Let's not sweat it tonight.
Because tonight we celebrate!
Yeah! To The Mob! To The Mob!
We turn our back and whip our hair and just shake it off
Come on, Sean. Do it.
Ten more minutes. Okay, sweet pea?
I turn my back and whip my hair and just shake it off
I whip my hair back and forth
This is what I was afraid of
I got a new move for you, okay?
It's called the "ocean motion. " Here's the ocean, here comes the motion.
Let me introduce you to the crew.
Eddy is our resident Mark Zuckerberg.
Anything electronic or computer-related, he can do.
He's our eyes and ears.
Penelope is the hottest DJ on South Beach.
She creates all the mind-blowing remixes for our Mobs.
She sets everything in motion.
And Jason just got back from New York
Anything we need in terms of effects, he's our boy.
Mercury is a locally renowned street artist.
No one, I mean no one, has ever heard him speak.
You know, "Picture's worth a thousand words" thing.
Iris was huge in the SoCal skate scene.
He wanted to put his lens on something next-level,
I'm listening. What's the plan?
Well, we're gonna need some more dancers.
All right, folks. Let's take our seats.
I really appreciate everyone being here.
I'm excited about what we have to show you.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Bob Cooper.
of the largest marketing firms in the U.S.
Bob has agreed to personally oversee the campaign for our new development.
It's my pleasure.
Okay...
Folks, we should probably step outside.
Just file out. I'm sure it's nothing to be too concerned about.
I apologize for this.
I don't know if it's a drill or not, but we'll get to the bottom of it.
Follow me.
We'll just do what they need us to do and get back up there.
Great tie, by the way.
What the hell's going on here, Trip?
There's no need to film this.
Should we be worried about this, Trip?
No. Not at all.
Just a bunch of stupid kids.
A bunch of stupid kids did that?
Yeah.
city council and members of Anderson Global Properties.
Mom, look, it's Sean.
Are you sure?
Yeah, he's doing the "ocean motion. "
Another million hits in less than two hours.
We're up to 6,000,000 hits.
If you love dance, you are going to love this next story.
I've just seen this video, and all I can tell you is, in one word, amazing.
I've never seen anything like this before.
The video was posted to YouTube and has quickly gone viral,
And it's quickly becoming an Internet sensation.
And before we announce the winner..
Have you guys seen this viral video by The Mob? It's huge!
Another developing story we're following today...
And it seems to be picking up steam.
Everyone is talking about this, so I have to bring it up.
Who knows about The Mob?
This neighborhood is all I've ever known.
She was born here, we live here, we don't plan on leaving.
For you guys to do what you did for me, my family, families like mine...
You gave us a voice, and we're just so thankful for that.
Don't know what I can say but thank you.
We are so thankful, huh?
Because something keeps me reminding me.
But it has nothing to do with that.
Sophie Chambers is throwing a party
That bastard stole my closet company right out from under me!
No, no, no, no, no.
Don't say the word "Bastard" when you're dressed like Jesus!
I don't need any protein.
I feel like the universe is telling you differently.
Who did that?!
He went that way! Past all the houses handing out candy!
I'm on it!
No, see, his name is Joe.
Yeah, but wouldn't the child be JesUs?
I got to take this.
Tell her what we're doing with this.
My husband is going to hell
Hello?
Okay. I'm in Earl's bedroom.
Do you want me to show you his shoes
Follow your heart, kid. Wait a minute. What's that?
What?
What is that? Let me see it.
David Soul played Hutch in "Starsky and Hutch."
I called it the "Storeski End Hutch".
David Soul gave me a signed picture.
Well, one day, the picture disappears
But the whole time, he's had it.
Ironically, this would've been
But what about the fish?
Forget the fish!
Oh, so, for no reason,
I want that picture.
You want it, you steal it.
I still have some self-respect.
Gloria, you won't believe this.
What?
That was Claire.
What is that? Did you steal that?
No. I've had this with me all night.
You're lying again!
Manny. don't stand next to him!
Pritchett!
It's not mine. Please don't tell my parents.
That's when I realized
I just needed to drop the Mom-bomb.
Don't you two look cozy.
Remember, it's not easy raising a baby by yourself.
Oh, look at that!
That's a fun way to serve Jell-O.
Let me get a pic for your moms.
No? Come on!
Okay. Ooh!
Yep. I'm with you. Leonard, coffee?
Black and strong, like Luke Cage.
I'm too tired to even be disturbed by that.
Sheldon?
Mm, absolutely not, no.
The Nobel committee will be making the calls to inform
Well, technically, anticipation wouldn't be mediated
Really? The second he stops talking?
Well.. should we wake him up?
Well, he did say if he fell asleep,
Oh, boy.
Wait a minute. Why do you get to do it?
Well, you can't just call it. You have to earn it.
Oh, and you've earned it?
No one has earned it more than me.
You have your whole life to smack him around.
This is my time.
Fine. Don't miss.
I was the one who told him to let go of the olives.
Please, that doesn't make you his best friend.
You know, that reporter asked me
Amy's best friend.
Doesn't have to be.
What kind of tea is appropriate
I don't know. Earl Grey?
I'm talking about you, high school science teacher Mr. Hubert Givens..."
Why are you talking so fast?
I'm trying to get my speech down to 90 minutes.
Nobody's gonna be able to understand a word you're saying.
Welcome to my life.
I think you need to do some editing.
like maybe cut out all that stuff about your childhood.
Are you kidding? Growing up in the backwoods of East Texas
Well, what about all these pages
I told them all they would rue the day.
How is it gonna make me look if the day finally comes,
Oh. I can cut it, but it's the only joke I have.
All right, bagels down. Before we head to the airport,
From the moment we step off the plane,
I told you these tickets weren't free.
As such, your behavior must reflect the highest standards.
Uh, Raj. Bagel down.
If my blood sugar drops and I get bitchy, it's on you.
Amy, why don't you kick us off.
Thank you.
"The challenging climate of Scandinavia
These dour, latter-day Vikings
And a little Idris Elba.
I mean, ah....
What would you like me to say?
How about congratulating us?
Are congratulations even in order?
I didn't think Penny wanted children.
Well, she didn't, now she does.
And just so you know,
We won a Nobel Prize.
Any idiot can have a baby.
Hey. What's going on?
Case in point.
You are a selfish jerk.
To hell with you and your Nobel Prize.
I found her boarding pass in her purse.
Hi, Stuart, just checking in.
Yeah. How'd that go this morning?
Good. For puppet poachers,they were real sweethearts.
100% pure puppet.
Straight from Tijuana.
Guaranteed to bring you good luck.
Don't you know that poaching puppets for their feet is illegal?
Holy crap, I'm exhausted.
So, yeah. I think it went very well.
Oh, we have a new client.
I put her in your office.
Detective Philips?
I... I used to be.
Not anymore, I'm a PI now.
How can I help you, Miss..
White, Sandra White.
I received this in the mail today.
Hmm.What's your secret?
Well, despite my bookish appearance,
The last thing this department needs is for anyone to see you here.
Yup, I'm still the department's dirty little puppet secret, huh?
Well, if the shoe fits.
Fuck you.
Yeah, fuck you, too.
Fuck you more.
You're watching the Puppet Television Network.
Freeze!
You are under arrest for being too hot to handle.
So, tune in for the entire Happytime Gang,
Syndication, baby brother.
Oh, I am gonna make a killing on those royalty checks.
Looks like I'll finally be able to pay off my Scientology dues.
Yeah, too bad you can't buy your old nose back.
All right. This nose has been in more fluff than you can imagine.
Cool.
What a...What a sweetheart she was.
Damn it, Phil, Jesus!
Don't upset the fans.
Oh, those are your fans now, huh? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Sure, the ones that like that bleached skin
You know what, Phil, the Happytime Gang was groundbreaking. Okay?
It was the first network show starring puppets that was accepted by everyone.
People loved us, Phil.
Jeez, you don't have to deny the puppet part of yourself.
Phil, don't you remember when we were kids, huh?
I used to love watching you dance.
Who bent your boner?
Take your head out of your ass and look around.
It's their world,and we just live in it.
I know this is hard for you.
What is?
That I'm the one who's going down in the history books.
You gave it a shot with your whole trying-to-be-a-cop thing.
Hey. I was a cop,and a damn good one.
Yeah, Phil, you were the first puppet cop and the last.
Move on.
Larry...
What?
..I love you.
What? Where are you going?
But sometimes,you can be a real asshole.
You know, it's funny you should say that.
I don't actually have my real asshole anymore either.
Oh, Phil, it's on again.
Ah, what a wonderful surprise.
What are you harassing me for this time, Edwards?
Oh, yeah? How many a day you up to now?
Or uh, you're just hitting the syrup, too?
You got to stop moving through the world like the laws don't apply to you.
Excuse me, excuse me.
You know what?
It'd serve you well to remember who the detective is around here.
Puppets aren't cops.
Yeah, well, you saw to that, didn't you?
Oh, I think you got to take the credit for that one.
I mean, let's be honest,
You know what, stay out of my way if you don't wanna get hurt.
All right, but what are you gonna do to me, huh?
You know, one of these days,you're gonna slip up,
And I'm gonna take you down with extreme prejudice.
Well, nice choice of words, asshole.
You know what?
What are you doing? What the fuck are you doing to my car?
Goddamn son of a bitch.
Oh, I'm sorry,it must've slipped.
You're a goddamn menace!
bite you in the dick, too.
Look, Lieutenant, nobody turns my brother into a chew toy and gets away with it.
I'm gonna catch the bastards who did these murders.
NMUrders?
I mean, no offense, I don't wanna start anything,
No, whoever killed Larry also took out Mr. Bumblypants.
Can you roll down the window, for Christ's sake?
Okay. Well, you know what, do you mind?
You don't mind if I have one of your cigarettes, do you?
No, go ahead.
You know what, I'm gonna take two.
Ah, I apologize, I didn't mean to cup your balls.
Down there. What, do you have alligator arms? Get it!
Okay, here's the thing.
You seem great,
But little puppets have big mouths, right?
Mmm. I have puppet servants at home,
Have you lost your mind?
Fuck him.
How else was I supposed to get that fucking thing without him seeing it?
Literally any other way than what you just did.
Any other way.
Oh, yeah? I never knocked a guy out with his own balls before.
According to the contract,
"The seven principal Happytime Gang cast members
Right.
Now, "If a member dies, then his or her spouse gets the share.
"If there is no spouse,
Yeah, I guess I didn't have to knock him out with his own balls.
Most of all, I wanted to protect my old flame, Jenny.
I still had a soft spot for her.
Hell, I still had a hard spot for her.
All units be advised.
Be on the lookout for ex-puppet cop Phil Philips.
Blue male,three and a half feet tall.
Last seen fleeing on foot from 1643..
Oh, boy.
Her makeup is so tasteful.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, wow.
Yes. Carousel.
This is arousing my Peter Rabbit.
Yes.
She's got her hands on my carrot.
Give me the carrot. Give me the carrot.Is this the carrot?
Well, it's a great price.
It makes me wish I had a dick for you to suck.
Yeah. I'm gonna, um, take that as a yes.
God damn it!
Do not come at me like that. Do you want me to go for my gun?
Hey, hey, hang on. You just hang on, you understand?
Hey!
A little help here? Can you get me some help?
Out of the way, incoming.
Dr. Trevor, we have a fleshy with a bullet wound through the liver.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing?
She's been shot.
No, no, no, we don't treat humans here.
We only have parts for puppets.
She's dying, Doc.
I'm sorry, I cannot do anything about it.It's unethical.
You're gonna save my partner's life, or you're gonna die trying.
Phil, wake up.
Literally.
Shit.
Looks like a pretty classic smash and splash.
Beat his head in,threw him off the pier.
Man, I thought he smelled bad alive.
You guys might wanna look away.
This will not be pretty.
Ah, Christ.
Edwards, is your history with Philips gonna be a problem here?
No, it's not.
It's like a fucking birth.
Ezra and Cara,the kissing cousins
They moved out to the middle of nowhere,
But it was a two-hour drive, and Edwards had gone moody as shit,
You're quiet.
What, did you take a vow of silence?
What,are you a monk now?
No, I'm not a monk.
Actually, I don't know what the hell I am anymore.
What're you talking about?
Truth is, I'm neither.
I'm just scratching and clawing from one sugar fix to the next.
Neither side wants me,and I don't blame them.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I missed that day.
I'm sorry a little girl lost her father.
I'm sorry you're struggling.
But I'm glad you're still here.
What the fuck is this?
What? What are you asking me for?
Turn that shit off.
You're making fun of me?
It's your car,it's on your radio.
I didn't put it on.
It says right there.
Well, it's not your...
I don't even have that... .
Turn it off.
..song in.. I will turn it off.
Why won't these work?
Jesus Christ, turn it off.
How many pockets do you...
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Jesus Christ!
You wanted it off?
Now it's off.
What the.. You fucking.You shot your fucking radio.
Whoo! I shot my radio. You're out of your fucking mind.
Oh, I feel better.
Oh, my God! Oh, Christ.
There's my phone.
What?
You know what? Yeah, that was me.
Looks like we beat the rush.
Yeah, well, they killed the whole gang.
They're not coming out without a fight.
Well, let's give them one,partner.
Shut up.
Better safe than dead.
What? You still have this?
Le/'s listen in.
Well, he said hat he killed them.
The entire Happytime Gang,even his own brother.
What? And why would he do that?
We've been having an affair,
He said he killed them all
I should have kept my fuzzy blue in my pants.
Shut up, Phil.
And how long had you been having this affair?
Yeah! No.
Here.
Okay, I see it.I see the number.
I don't think anybody's there.
All right,I'm gonna get us in.
What the fuck are you doing with the banana?
I got it from your apartment.
Jesus, put it away.I'm gonna get us in.
Watch for me.
No, no, no.
Jeez,this must have taken years.
This is one sick fuck.
She's got them all.
Detective Edwards, look.
Why, she's got a real sweet spot for our boy Phil, huh.
Driver, can I ask you a quick question?
No, no. Wait for a red light.
Gotta go.
Philips Investigations.
Slow, slow, slow,slow, slow down!
Tell us what you got, Bubbles.
Sandra booked a private plane to Rio that leaves out of Santa Monica in 30 minutes.
Jesus Chris.
All right, thanks, Bubbles,you're a real peach.
Go get her.
Let's hit it,let's go, let's go.
You know this is not what partners do.
Shit!
Oh, um, excuse me, sir.This is a private terminal.
You clearly are not wealthy enough to be here.
You need to get the fuck outta here.
Damn! She got me that way, too.
Put the gun down!
Come on, Phil,don't do this again.
I don't have a shot.
Take the shot, Phil.
Just a piece,just a tiny piece.
Don't fuck this up.
You're a puppet, not a fleshy.Why are you messing with me?
That's my father's thing.
And his father before that. You should be proud.
Well.Il gotta get back to work.
Hey hey,how's your mother? Did you give her those pears?
I did. She says thank you.
Did you bring any pears?
I brought you pears yesterday Ma remember from Jimmy?
Yes,call Papa tell him to bring pears.
OK,I will.
Good boy. How was work?
Work was,uh,the same as every other day.
Woo-hoo,look at this thing,
My pop taught me how to use this when I was little.
It still works?
Bit surprised,but it's doing the trick.
Right. That shows you what I know.
I was always telling your pop he should sell this crap
But he could never throw anything away.
Yeah,except his family.
He didn't throw you away,Max.
Hmm.
Uh,my post is up on the chair.
Oh. All right,I'll leave you the news.
Hey,I'm going around the corner for a beer. You wanna come?
Nah,I've gotta wait for a customer.
I knew you'd like them.
How was your day,Mane'?
It was good. It was really good.
It was the best day I've had in a long time.
Good. You work so hard.
How was your day, Ma?
Thank vou,
Hey man. What can we get ya?
I'll have a light beer.
No light beer.
Here is the beer list.
Here is our cocktail list. Why don't you check that out.
No,it definitely wasn't your girlfriend.
Well,how do you know that?
Because it was a guy.
Wham? A quy? Are you kidding me?
It's OK. I don't care. I think it's hot.
You.... . You do?
Mm-hm.
Huh.
What?
Who died or are you just making some shit up.
My mother.
Oh,man. I'm sorry to hear that.
She leave you any money,man?
No,right? Figures.
Ain't that just like a woman?
Do you have your ticket?
Do I look like I got my ticket man?
Just go back there and cet my shoes
But you'll be sorry.
I heard somebody's not cooperating
I'm gonna make this easy. The watches.
You gotta know,you can't hide looking the way you do.
I'm gonna take my chances. The watches.
There's a fake wall behind the bathroom mirror.
So,here's how we're gonna do this.
You might wanna stay out here. It's..
It's pretty ugly in there.
What the hell?
The body was right here.
There was blood everywhere.
He was dead I swear.
Wh.. Where are my shoes?
There was a blue bag here with my shoes in it
A.. And a gun.
And my Taser.
Where's my Taser? It's all gone.
In fact there was a whole cache of guns! What the hell?
You have not seen this before,trust me.
Oh,yes I have and you know with who? Your father.
My father?
Yeah.
He was acting just like you are before he took off.
What are you saying?
Listen your old man,he got into some trouble
You knew this all this time and you didn't tell me?
How come you didn't tell me?
He made me promise not to.
He what?
He said that I was the only one he could trust.
What.. the hell are you doing kid?
New rules, Jimmy!
You stay out of my business, you hear me?
Max,I just don't want you to make the same mistakes
Danny Donald,New York One.
You're who?
You know that's Danny Donald.
Care to tell me what you're doing here?
What am I doing here?
Aunt Charity, are you all right?
Oh, and she didn't finish signing it.
Well, it's my last name too, so
Pull her hair! Now's your chance.
Bob, I don't feel you are getting across
That check should have cleared.
I was very lucky to have my father singing in the church.
Even for a little boy, by imitation,
Phenomenal. Better than mine.
And nobody believed, but he was like that.
I was singing with my father and 50 more male voice.
We went to this place in Wales to make a competition.
1955, you won first prize in Wales.
Yes.
That was one of the most important
And sharing it with all my friends and with my father.
And that time, I was a teacher for elementary school.
My father, he says, "Listen.
He knows how difficult it is, even with a beautiful voice.
And I say, "Okay, if you say so, I will do that."
So, in 1955, I begin to study,
So, how did you get your first part in an opera?
I won a competition,
And my debut was the 29th of April, 1961,
I remember that we have the room, one in front of the other,
It's love. It's passion. It's very beautiful. It's casual.
It's everything poetic and romantic and positive in life.
And desperate, because there is. that is there.
London is an incredible city,
I sang there in 1963 with great success.
But to become a tenor, that's another thing. It's more unnatural.
If you want to become Luciano Pavarotti,
That's the most important thing.
You can have a beautiful, nice life of the tenor,
When I was listening to Luciano, you know,
Everything.. Everything was easy.
I felt like I could see his voice.
It was super clear, like a photograph.
You can count molecules practically. It's so clear.
A tenor singing a high C makes your ears vibrate.
There's such tension of sound. My ears would ring.
We all dreamed to be the most important in the operatic world.
Luciano was the one and only. Yes.
When I was born in this building,
So I was the first boy after six years
Mv mother embraced me, and with all the women of this house,
Everybody was looking for me.
I was very much spoiled, loved, but even.. kept smart.
I think Luciano loved women. And he also trusted them.
Tibor made a career with Luciano, taking him into stadiums,
Suddenly, in between my relationship
He said, "Anything you do from here on in,
That was certainly an important point
He was branching out.
Everything became more geared towards mass appeal.
I feel... It's almost... The feeling is that, eh?
Yeah.
I thought they will have arguments who will sing which aria.
There's so much repertoire.
So we all rehearsed it on the spot.
One of us suggested, "Why don't you do this one and I do that?"
So, we divide some of the numbers.
So, to pick, you know, between the saddest and so and so.
I think a good way to know a person
You know what kind of determination, you know what kind of fears
Uh, the moment of being on the stage,
It was okay, like, "Anything you do, I can do better."
..spirit of the moment, you know?
"Boy, what a phrase you did. Now let me do this one."
But, uh, we end the program,
It's kind of hard to overstate what an impact that had.
It was like a tidal wave.
The Three Tenors transformed three guys
All of a sudden, classical departments
It's disgusting.
At the age of 60, he shouldn't do such things.
Well, he was the most famous Catholic
Divorce at that time was unthinkable.
So they would devote quite a lot of the paper to it.
In Italy, this story played out for years.
These days,
Men have four or five wives.
There is no respect.
So, at the beginning, I spent,
I should've said, "You are wasting time."
And while Mrs. Pavarotti is in seclusion,
It was bad because, uh, I was suffering myself.
But my wife suffered more.
But they understand that I fell in love.
He caught it-in the neck for-Pavarotti the pop star.
And now falling in love... ..he caught it in the neck again.
And now-falling in love... ...he-caught-it in the neck again.
Aw, jeez.
Ooh. Guy must've been a hunter.
Wait. Tohn.
Did I hear you say that you thought that she looked like Amber?
Yeah. John, Amber's almost as tall as me.
Like, just under six feet, blonde hair, kinda top-heavy.
Yeah, I know. She's cute as hell, right?
Yeah, and you think that Shelly looks like her?
The girl sitting upstairs?
Yeah.
John, Shelly's short.
Short with dark hair,
God damn it. I knew she was too good to be true.
Uh, Shelly.
John and I are having a bit of a problem here.
We're both seeing completely different versions of you.
Now John here has eyesight problems
The "check engine" light is fine. It's still blinking away.
It's the stupid engine that stopped working.
It cost me like $1,200 to fix it.
You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems
Yes, it occurs to me, too.
Hang on a moment.
Here. Take some.
Pay me back when you can.
Penny, you appear to have a package here.
Oh, thanks.
This must be the beret I ordered.
A couple of months ago. It was back-ordered.
Did you know the beret is an example
I pay my own way in this world, okay?
I don't rely on anybody!
What was that about?
He has a nervous bladder when he's stressed out.
Kind of like a puppy.
Why not?
Moving is a big deal.
You have to go to the supermarket and get boxes,
Why don't you just get a roommate and stay here
Oh, Leonard, honey, if we started living together,
Really?
And you thought my acting lessons were a waste of money.
This moo shu pork's burning a hole through my duodenum.
They had a terrible time of it, Leonard.
Plus, no one stole their pants.
Fine. Enjoy your little game.
I'll make this quest on my own.
Leonard, wait.
Take a jacket.
You guys suck.
Come on, please? He's so big.
Okay, is everyone clear on the plan?
Yes. Koothrappali's going to wet himself,
Shall we synchronize our watches?
Guys, there are four of us and one of him.
Which means his triumph will be even larger.
I mean she could still have
She's doing well.
It's wedding day, and i am going to the wedding.
I'm a bridesmaid. i'm going. right. Bailey?
I said you could go.
Wedding day! up top, alex.
I'll check on you later.
Come on. don't leave me hanging, bailey.
Wedding day
You didn't mean it.
true.
My hair is starting to fall out.
You still look good.
I know what this means,
I'm sorry
You let me worry about Izzie.
All right.
All right. Do you have anything for us? Anything good?
Nope, it's slow.
You don't say it's a slow day in the pit.
It's a day and it's slow.
When that phone starts ring and gets trauma
That phone never get ring.
It's a slow day.
Go for seattle grace emergency.
I'll get the trauma gowns.
Crap crap. Incoming!
How's it going with your shrink?
Um, i'm doing better
Progress is. slow.
I would've fallen in love with him.
And I didn't want a relationship till after school I..
I don't like to do things. halfway
And now. now david's dead. David's dead.
How was the ct., karev?
Here you go.
I m going in through the wound.
Okay, I m gonna need another syringe, now.
There's too much blood.
Okay. just keep the syringes coming.
Give me a 60cc this time.
George.
Just keeping putting pressure. I am not losing another one.
Thank you.
You're scrubbing in? I thought I was doing this solo
Then why aren't you sitting
Oh, this is a big day. Meredith
Afraid i'm gonna kill the patient on my wedding day?
Exactly
Well, it's never been done before,
Then we could pinpoint the part of the brain
Uh, trauma one's open.
What do we have?
She had a pulse in the field,
I'm pretty sure we left half her blood volume
oh, god oh my god
Um, move her out of here
Time of death
Dana, no, no, i need to see her!
time to death 10:45
No no, no, no.
We are closed to trauma.
Because we have trauma coming out of our butts.
Oh, well, you have a nice day too
so you came in here to threaten me?
I'm his best man. that's my job
Oh, no it's okay it's fine
So. now what?
I just try to have a hallucination?
Yep. okay.
But.. o-okay, if it's that small,
I wish there was something i could do for her.
I wish i could.
I like stevens.
She's one of the good ones.
I wish there was something i could do for her.
I, um..
I know something you can do.
I just want you to know that i'm hurt.
I am hurt and i am angry.
Because i thought that we had something.
I thought that we were going somewhere.
If you're just sleeping around,
we went to a fancy restaurant,
Because i don't have 75 bucks
I am broke.
And i am exhausted, arizona.
I'm working in the er. because i need the money.
Six people died on my watch today,
I wanted to stay in last night.
I thought. i thought that last night
But you wanted to go to a fancy restaurant,
I can't.
Hey. it's okay it's okay. hey
You saved that girl today as much asi did.
Trauma's a team sport, o'malley.
You don't have to be the hero you just.
You just have to go where you're needed.
Alex...
You're gonna be flying solo today.
You can do it. Right, sweetheart?
She'll be fine.
I'm not sure this is a good idea, Aunt Stella.
And now, ladies and gentlemen...
Wow. Look at all those drawings.
I always kinda figured you were an artist.
I think we're all a little artsy.
Sometimes I arrange my popcorn
Hey! Why'd you do that?
So gentle.
Can you tell what this is?
Great. Is that a problem?
No, no.
What, you hate kids or something?
No. I don't hate kids.
Uh, what, then?
All right, call the NICU.
Tell them to have an umbilical line and vent on standby.
Okay, Laurie, push, push.
Push, push. Okay.
All right, and now you have little boy.
Hey, you got him?
Yeah, I'll see you in C.T.
Can we hold them?
Um, yeah, not just.. not just yet.
A lot.
Why do you think that?
Because I make a lot more than you.
Yeah, like a lot more than you.
Like... like a lot more.
Well, how much?
Meredith.
Give me a number.
I just think, like, can't you just be civil and rational?
But she won't listen to anything I have to say.
Now she's decided that this is the hill
Of course that hill is my living room, so...
Yeah, look, um, yeah, I'm... I'm with Robbins today,
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, no, go.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey, look.
uh.. if, you know... if you need to get out of there
Oh, no, no. Not a chance.
Thanks, but no. She's out tonight.
And we will do everything that we can to find it.
And the rest you put on me.
Bailey?
Uh, Bailey did you like this?
I mean, who knew Bailey was the man?
And not because of the kids.
I don't want that responsibility over a parent.
And, yeah, maybe that. maybe that makes me a lousy doctor,
But.. I get to decide what I'm best suited for.
Right?
I mean, don't I get to decide what kind of doctor I'm gonna be?
Yeah, you do.
You have to.
15 blade, please.
And 10 blade.
Push Bovie to 30. More lap pads.
That's what I needed to see.
All right, hold on, don't move.
I need a little more retraction.
Good. Hold right there.
Do you see where she's got..
Wait, yeah.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Okay.
It's Emma. The liver's going to Emma.
All right, there you go.
But I need you to do the transplant for me.
I want to try a primary resection on Daniel
at least buy him more time.
Alex.
I want to save them both.
But can the child even withstand?
I would think that you of all people..
this hospital's first female chief of surgery... .
would fight for a woman to get paid at least as much as any man.
This is about Meredith Grey.
I mean, if you do not value her enough, then just...
It is inappropriate for me to discuss the salary
She deserves more, and you know it.
I do, and don't ever suggest
You don't know. I am woman.
Hear me roar.
But I've already mentored Grey.
I've already taught her what she needs to know.
And now that I'm chief of this hospital,
And it's not my job to be giving away money
Let's get you out of here.
Yes!
Thank you for not changing the locks.
Things got a little crazy last night.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm being a little crazy.
But is it really crazy to try like hell to save
I love you, and if fighting for y...
When you're faced with the tough choices,
What can you live with?
What can you leave behind?
Towels are in the bathroom.
Anything else you need?
No, no, no. I'm fine, thank you.
Okay.
There's still a lot of epidural bleeding.
Dr. Shepherd, when you have a second.
Does it look like I have a second?
What the hell is the problem?
They said it's something about your baby.
She was pinned under her car,
You will work together
Oh, in the O.R.?
Do you listen to anyone else, ever? All the time. Just not you.
Or me, apparently.
She's not answering her phone or her pager.
I haven't seen her. I was in the pit. She's not in the pit.
I was in the elevator. She's not in the elevator.
Page Dr. Grey.
I'm gonna go with really small.
Up the dopamine to 15.
Happy now. She's bottoming out.
Well, if we'd get in there and pack the pelvis,
Well, yeah, I hope so,
Because her heart is exploding.
Okay..
Is this where I step in?
We need to stabilize the internal bleeding.
Got some bleeding in the upper right quadrant.
Give me more suction and lap pads.
Do you see any bile or pancreatic secretions?
None here.
Negative.
Hey, I'm watching Henry's surgery today.
Why?
My bad.
What the hell just happened?
Epi. Give me another epi.
Here you go, doctor.
I can't find a pulse.
Why the hell doesn't he have a pulse?
I need a crash cart.
An epi doesn't stop a healthy person's heart.
What did you do?
I don't know.
All right. Her heart's back.
Okay.
Have to be careful not to cut too deep
Dr. Webber.
Yes.
Hi. Teddy Altman here.
Yeah, nice to see you.
I-I thought that Dr. Bailey was just observing.
Yeah, well, she's here, so she's gonna make herself useful.
Dr. Webber, I'm a surgeon.
That's the word on the street.
You have an attending assisting you
You rushed Henry into surgery with an hour's notice.
What... Wh-what are you not telling me?
I don't need to be here.
They just want to observe me
Not a bad idea.
How'd the kid do?
He has a few spinal fractures,
You need to make up with your friends.
Whatever.
One of them almost killed you today.
It was an accident.
Nobody has your back.
Nobody is looking out for you.
That's when accidents happen, okay?
This isn't a personal problem. This is a professional one.
It makes you a bad hire.
Also, it means that I have to worry about you,
And I don't want to worry about you.
I didn't mean to pry.
Oh, that's all right. Yes.
Yes, I'm married.
What did you do?!
I want you to shut the door
You're throwing your whole career away
This is not the end of my career.
The FDA will never come anywhere near you again.
That is the end of your islet cell trial,
You...
Open it...
What...
And read the first page.
A lot of questions came up today
She disappeared.
Well, that was a-a miscommunication.
And the part about you two living in separate houses,
Look, I get it.
It's not easy bringing a child into a relationship.
You're allowed to have some bumps in the road.
But this afternoon, when it looked like
I set off some alarms.
Now I'm trying to dial them all back,
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
We have a bounty on deer.
They're eating up all the gardens.
Go through them in nothing flat.
But there's an upside.
You like venison?
It might need a freshen-up, but, uh...
I think you're gonna have to agree,
You guys got kids?
Uh. Not yet.
We raised two kids in this house, my wife and I.
Ellen.
She's gone now.
I lost her to cancer two years ago.
I'm sorry to hear that.
So, what do you do, Scott?
It's a branding and advertising agency.
Annie, do you work?
I mostly write for women's magazines.
Articles about injustice, women empowerment,
This view is beautiful.
My great-great-grandfather built this house in 1905.
It's the only house I ever lived in.
Why do you call it Foxglove?
The entire valley used to be covered with the stuff.
Now it's kind of rare.
Foxglove is poisonous, isn't it?
Highly.
Come on, I'm gonna give you the grand tour.
The house, it backs up to a wooded nature preserve.
Lots of privacy, huh?
After I sell the house, Cassidy, my daughter,
Your wife was really beautiful.
Yeah.
We always had a lot of love in this house.
It's not that bad.
What is necessary is that I protect my wife.
If you wanna protect your wife, get a gun.
No guns on my property.
You understand?
What do you got against guns?
I know what guns can do,
When I was 12, my brother was gunned down in the street.
I know what guns can do, Charlie.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Enjoy Florida.
Hey, Randall. You be careful with these vines.
It took 50 years for these things to grow on the house.
Okay, Mr. Peck.
It's not your house.
Babe, what are you doing?
I can't sleep.
I keep hearing this creaking sound.
Honey, it's an old house.
Okay, well, we don't know anything about this man,
Now Charlie is after me?
Since day one.
That's ridiculous.
Oh, my God. You don't see it?
What does it matter? He's going to Florida any day now.
Is he? Because his departure date just keeps moving.
So, what do you want me to do?
Okay, it's simple. I want you to tell him..
Tell him that he's not welcome.
Okay? And if you can't tell him,
You gonna tell him?
You don't think I'll tell him?
I think we should go to dinner.
That was it. Yeah, that was it.
Oh, this place is definitely a keeper.
Good pasta, good wine.
Honey, you gonna be able to drive?
Yeah. Not only can I drive, I..
Why would he do that?
Because you were right.
He's obsessed with the house,
Well, have you told Annie what you're telling me right now?
I tried. I tried, man, but she just won't buy it.
Look, I need you to do me a favor, all right?
I need you to get Brian in IT to discreetly
I really need to know who I'm dealing with.
If there's anything to find on Charlie Peck,
Hello?
Charlie, you scared the shit out of me.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I am so sorry.
I thought you might be hungry.
How is he?
He's okay.
They're gonna keep him overnight.
When I heard he was in the hospital,
And I'd come home, and the house would be dark and empty,
and lonely, so...
Anyway, I got you, uh, an everything pizza.
You just pick off what you don't like.
He's not the upstanding citizen
Not exactly your traditional holiday meal, is it?
No, but I'm starving, so this is perfect.
On your way back to the city,
Make sure she's all right, call me back.
Well, that's like me.
I have a chance to get it all back.
All I have to do
What the...?
All right. Where am I gonna put you?
I haven't seen it around here
You okay?
Look, I know about you.
Your losses, your bankruptcy,
So.... .
get the fuck off of my property.
Annie.
Babe, I would have came and got you. You okay?
What's wrong?
I just ran into Charlie.
He was bringing you flowers.
Nobody knocked on the door.
Did he come by here last night?
He came by to see if I was okay.
I think he's the one that tried to run me off the road.
You think Charlie tried to run you off the road?
Yes.
Look, he's not who you think he is.
What time did Mike leave last night?
How did he know? How did he know I wasn't here?
Think about that. How did he know?
This... This guy is dangerous. Okay?
Charlie is very dangerous.
Okay. Okay, babe, I believe you. I do.
He shows up again, you just..
Just call the police, okay?
I'm a professional dancer.
My diet's pretty much leaves and twigs already.
There has to be something else.
Sweetie, we made it through your cancer.
We'll make it through this.
I am so sorry. I couldn't help it.
Wilson, fill me in.
Hey, what the hell?
I'll be with you in two shakes of a lamb's tail, Dr. Torres.
Vitals have been stable. Trauma lab's done.
Primary survey revealed a large, briskly bleeding scalp lac.
I put a pressure dressing on for you to assess.
Do you need to take that?
Nope
I'm sorry.
Just because Derek and I
You know what? I liked you a lot better
Could we just go back to that? That would be great.
Am I qualified to run the department?
Yikes. You know, not my call.
What I do know is that for some strange reason,
I mean, why me, you know?
So, you did your fellowship
Oh, do you know Dr. Alexander?
Oh, such a great guy. Really, sweet as pie.
Which is why it was always a little embarrassing
I took it as a compliment, but still, awkward.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Just put on a lead apron!
Please give me a second!
Kepner. Dr. Kepner, put on the damn apron!
Torres, I can't be in here
Um..Wilson, take over for Dr. Kepner.
God, you're so weird today.
I'm sorry. I
Just shut it.
I'm telling you, kid, this is the place to be.
It's quiet.
The company's great.
You and me, we got a lot in common.
My intestines are on the inside, but still,
If we stick together,
In fact...
What the hell, man! I thought we were friends!
It's fine!
Hon, I'm totally... Hold on.
No, we don't have one.
Daddy wishes he could swear right now.
Question.
I'm coming! No, no, no! I'm good
Nobody's home.
Call 'em, dude.
Anthony, are you sure you're up for this today?
Dad, it's now or never. I promised Celia.
All right. Well, anything worth doing is worth doing well.
Try not to kill anybody.
Now put your hands at 10 and 2, and show me what you can do.
Hi, Mom, how you doing?
How's your day going so far?
Okay, I'm just gonna...
What?
This is your fault.
Tf you hadn't caused a fight between me and Celia.
I would've never picked up that call
Anthony, you are not passing the blame on this one.
I told you today might not be a good day to take the test.
Dad, I had to take the test today.
No, you didn't have to take the test today.
It is al Alexander's fault.
Dad, curse or no curse...
just go for it!
Greg, we're gonna go for it.
Yeah, I will see you at Nagamaki later, okay?
Okay. Good. I look forward to it. Thanks. Bye-bye.
Awesome!
Okay. I reek.
You do. Look. Wait.
Here you go. Look. Wait
I'm not going to wear a pirate blouse.
Pirate or puke, your choice
It took a lot of courage to fly out on that stage tonight.
Do you have any idea how proud we are of you?
You've always just put yourself out there.
You are fearless.
You're willing to show the world who you really are.
That's amazing
and you decide to drink a bottle of cough syrup, give me a call.
Let me talk you out of it.
Wow! You guys are in good shape.
Hey, Nina, how are you?
It's the video game guys!
Yeah.
No, it's a great time to talk.
You told them they had 30 seconds to get across
I must have miscalculated.
We've got about ten minutes till the sun rises.
And there are soldiers out there, okay.
They'll take count. we got to get back to the yard.
We're not going anywhere.
You know, we live a couple miles away
What else you got?
Sucre? I'm not here. say what you got to say.
Sucre, where the hell are you?
We're counting on you to be here
Now call me back, please.
Put these with his personal effects.
What's going on out there?
Some prisoners tried to escape.
Did they get out?
They got caught.
One of them got shot pretty bad.
Sucre?
No, it is Alphonso Gallego.
You where you need to be?
Yes.
I left the suburban on the side of the road.
The keys are in the wheel well.
Dispatch fourth platoon.
Hey, hey, look, man, this is getting crazy here.
Look, I'll plead guilty for ignoring the warrant.
I'll show up for the court hearings.
Let me get out of here.
You know, with this alarms,and the guns,
Always with the wise talk.
Never saying anything we want to hear.
Now, all I want to hear are your screams.
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no. listen.
It's private.
Oh. Oh, God. I'm sorry. I get it.
I don't mean to interrupt.
No, it's not that!
It's okay. Take your time.
I am not doing what you think I'm doing.
There's really no need to explain. I'll wait.
You just... finish.
Reason?
To get a look inside the bladder.
I appreciate you doing this, Preston.
I know this is a little out of your field.
That's not a problem.
It gives my interns something to do.
I have a feeling you keep them plenty busy.
We were in the same frat at Tulane.
It's gone from torturing pledges
Be very careful how you two answer that.
I could tell some stories.
Bill, you have a camera snaking up your mojo.
It's not the time to cross me.
It isn't anything too serious?
That's what this procedure will tell us.
He kicks like you wouldn't believe.
A badass, just like his father.
Move a little to the right.
Your other right.
There.
What do you see? What is it?
Could be any number of things.
O'Malley, take a biopsy of the mass.
Let's not worry until we have to.
There's too much damage.
We'll have to remove most of the colon
You gotta push it up.
More suture. And what's with these damn lights in here?
Mr. Franklin, how long has your abdomen been like this?
It's been getting bigger for a while.
I told him there was something wrong.
No one gets fat like this so fast. I told him.
Everybody told him.
I really like you, Olivia.
I like you a lot.
Well, I like you, too.
I have syphilis.
That could have gone better.
Fine.
A few weeks ago, I was operating,
After a few hours, it was fine.
It's come back again.
Did you have it checked out?
The examination was normal.
My ophthalmologist tells me I'm just getting older...
but you know what a decline in my visual acuity can mean.
I'll set up some tests:
I know how the rumor mill runs around here.
Let's just keep this to ourselves.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Do you think she's talking about me?
She's absolutely talking about you.
Dude, that's a good thing.
No. No, it's not.
Georgie, get a clue.
Syphilis is the best thing that ever happened to you.
In their eyes, you're a player.
George, it's not a big deal.
And you have a cute butt.
I have a cute butt, too.
You want to see?
Oh, get out. You're doing it wrong.
Be my guest.
We are saving George
Oh, cute butt.
Told you.
It is cute, like a baby's.
You know, I have spent hours, days, years,
The reality is so much better.
I think he's gonna cry.
Hi. It's Ms. Henry again.
Is this a better time?
I just wanted to remind you
You know, you haven't been to any of our family functions.
You have to understand.
I'm a surgical intern, so my time isn't my own.
Our residents really respond to these events.
They always enjoy themselves, which is so rare.
I think it's important you attend.
I'll be there.
I mean, we never said, "We have rules",
When would I have time to go out and get syphilis?
You're a handful enough as it is,
But no more glow-in-the-dark ones.
You see? There's nothing to worry about.
Maybe we should, you know, make some rules, I mean.
We should.
Okay.
Just for the record...
I liked the glow-in-the-dark ones.
I bet you do.
That's the last of the ovarian material.
I just need to sew up the perforation on the bladder wall.
Is there a problem, Dr. Knox?
Well, you said this man's wife is pregnant?
Due in five weeks. Why?
It is.. they're what hold back the urine and the feces.
Look, maybe-maybe you shouldn't read it.
It'll only make you feel worse.
"Cooper and his team"?
You should know I had nothing to do with that.
At least they're talking about the theory.
I mean, that's what's important.
You know, you're right.
Yeah. You know, it's like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko
Stan Lee may get all the credit,
Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies.
And-and he's far richer.
And he's a household name, you know?
That's not helping.
Well, I'd give more examples,
Stuart, we're here.
It's nice of you to let him keep staying at your mom's house.
Yeah, well, I tried putting him out on the curb,
Just so you know, the power's out.
What happened?
I called, they said a transformer blew.
It's the whole block.
Should be fixed by tomorrow.
Wait, when did it go out?
In the middle of the night.
Oh, my God.
Howie, what's wrong?
One Jewish lasagna..
two pound cakes that are about eight pounds each,
Ma always kept it on hand,
She thought she could cure anything with her cooking.
Even the time I got food poisoning.
From her cooking.
Let's get started.
I'm never gonna talk to her again.
Should we tell everyone not to come?
No. I want to do this.
Okay. Well, I'll keep it together if you can.
Okay.
I'm not making any promises!
Glad you guys could make it.
Of course.
Wow, it looks really pretty in here.
It's not you. It's this place that's making you crazy.
You need to get out of here.
I mean, you need to get out of town, clear your head.
We're all going to the lake this weekend. Just come with me. I'm leaving at lunch.
My parents would never let me do that.
You're not gonna ask your parents,
And I already took his car, so...
You took your dad's car?
I don't know. I don't think that's a good idea, because..
They're to make me less anxious,
And I pass out.
It's no big deal. I mean, everyone is on some shit.
Really?
Yeah.
We're all just kids doing little hacks to try and live our best life.
Like, look, Brian Pankauskas.
Cole, do you want a drink? I'll get you one, OK?
What was in it for the cult? Must've been good. Something worth killing for.
Mmm, yeah.
I'd have to be promised everything I've ever wanted.
My dream life.
But who could guarantee that?
Stop! You're making him uncomfortable.
There must be some contract
Yeah.
Come on, C
Stop!
Cole didn't come on this trip to talk about some blood cult
Can we please change the subject and...
Jesus. OK.
Are you sure you don't want one?
I prefer not to lose my teeth.
Let's get you back on that gurney.
No. My leg's just a little scraped up.
This is all fake. It's my friend.
Austin Goodrich, 18,
He's got visible head trauma.
Left pupil's blown.
She was an amazing Army nurse
I don't think anyone equates good costumes
Well, Owen might. I have no idea.
We went from best friends to family of four
There were many steps that were skipped,
Tom, you were...
you were so quiet that I forgot that..
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
And you are not "inept,"
And don't let ginger beer or his mom
I'm sorry. I-I shouldn't have brought it up.
It's just that... that those costumes were so terrifying..
and.. and... and not in a Halloween way.
Halloween's a phony holiday, anyway.
Dangerous, too. Kids are twice as likely
This kid's lucky we were here to keep him alive...
when he got out of the trash compactor.
"Episode IV."
It was.
Except he never got a chance to wear it.
He died two weeks before Halloween,
Thanks.
I'm so glad you're back.
How was it?
It was horrible.
That was always my experience.
But, you know, I had a lot of time to think,
And I'll figure something out.
You're not gonna help us sort candy?
You had me at "Stupid girlfriend."
Oh, the adoption agency sent me a few more couples to check out.
Okay, that guy's got serial killer eyes.
Oh, he does not. That's from the flash.
Fine. You want your baby to be on the run.
Any other choices?
I like them.
Oh, gay couple.
Uh, that's not a man.
Oh, too bad. They're great with kids.
Okay, that's it. Nobody's ever gonna be good enough for you.
So you've totally ruled out keeping it?
Yes, totally.
And I get no say in the matter?
Now you're talkin'.
No! No, no, no. Enough nurturing your inner child.
I need you to come home
I can't come home until my treatment is complete.
That's another 16 days.
In 16 days, I can't guarantee
You wouldn't believe the things that are going through my mind.
Gaby.
I'm just saying, I've got rocks.
they've got backpacks,
You have no idea. I am losing my mind.
I'm looking after your business,
Let me talk to Juanita.
Juanita, talk to your father.
Hey, daddy.
Anything biting?
Karen kicked me out.
Oh, my god. What happened?
I don't know.
Seems like everything I do lately gets her mad.
I'm gonna find your check, and I'll get it to you tonight.
Hey, this is private property!
What the hell?!
Damn it, Mike. Why'd you have to come back?
Are you out of your mind?
Don't mention it... ever again.
Girls, school starts in 20 minutes.
Why aren't you dressed?
'cause then we'd be ready.
then we'd have to go, and we hate school.
Here. I made breakfast.
Ooh. Toast.
Let me know when your cookbook comes out.
Okay.
Let's talk about how we're getting you off my couch
What's our plan?
Doesn't look good. I've been calling all morning.
She doesn't even pick up the phone.
Roy, you've got to put some effort into it.
Woo her. March over there and sweep her off her feet.
I don't think it's gonna work.
Oh.You want me out.
I'm sorry.
It's just, my life's really stressful right now.
No apologies.
It was very kind of you to take me in.
I'm sure I can find another place to stay.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me. I told you to get dressed!
I don't wanna.
Damn it, girls! Listen to your mother.
You can't talk to me like that. You're not my dad.
Exactly. So I don't give a crap if you live or die.
Those are all the men l killed in Korea.
First time, it was a little rough,
So listen Up, soldiers.
You are gonna march up those stairs,
Is that clear?
All right. Now move!
Well, I guess I better go start packing.
No! No, no, no, no.
I knew you were gonna freak.
Because it's not your decision.
I don't care if you're the father.
Okay, you know what? I'm not doing this on the phone.
Just meet me at the Coffee Cup in half an hour.
You using this chair?
Uh, no, go ahead.
Mrs. Delfino?
Oh, Porter. Shh.
I don't want to Julie to know I'm here.
Why not?:
I need to find out who it is.
Oh, hey, Porter. Over here.
Mom?
Oh, my God.
You're the guy.
Porer Scavo is the father of my grandchild.
I can't believe you spied on me.
Yeah.
Oh, I was just doing some research online.
You might want to eat something called folic acid,
There is no way we are raising a baby together.
Then I'll do it myself.
Oh, please. You can't do that.
Well, uh, legally...
He can.
I mean, fathers do have rights.
Mom, what are you doing?
Nothing. I'm just reminding Porter
No! No, no, no. This is none of your business.
Stay out of it!
I brought those contracts. Your secretary says
Aw. Thanks, babe.
Listen, I want you to understand
But I talked to my counselor,
I can get out a few days early, help out with the girls.
Really:
I know, but I got help at home.
What, a nanny?
Better. A sergeant.
I got Roy.
McCluskey kicked him out, so I took him in.
You wouldn't believe how he's getting the girls in line.
McCluskey kicked him out? Why:
By the way, big oil stain in the garage?
He had the girls in there all afternoon.
It's gone!
Wow. Those two seemed so perfect for each other.
Hey, I, uh, I need to talk to you about Ben.
After what he did to me, I don't care.
He's in the hospital.
He is?
What happened?
I went to the site last night.
He started having chest pains.
They say it's not a heart attack,
But Ben's a young guy. He's healthy.
Why is he having chest pains?
Oh, he's been under a lot of stress.
Oh, is it the money thing?
What was that for?
For giving me the day off.
I was able to hit the entire left side of the mall.
And if you're willing to keep torturing my kids,
Hi, mom.
What's all this?
The girls and I tackled that dead tree out back.
I taught them some basic forestry procedure.
The older one is pretty good with an ax.
You might want to keep an eye on that.
Well, I can't thank you enough.
You are absolutely welcome to stay here...
for the next 16 days.
Yeah, well, I don't know if I'm gonna make it that long.
I'm thinking about begging Karen to take me back.
What?
I really miss her.
I mean, what's there to miss?
You know, the foul moods and the nagging
Yeah, she can be a little gruff.
And god knows I got my own baggage.
But today, when I was telling the girls
Well.. I...
I... think you just need to get your mind off her.
You know what would help?
A nice, long bath.
Yeah. Come on.
Come on. You can, uh, use my lavender bath salts.
Oh, I do like lavender.
That reminds me of a funny story.
Okay, into the bath. Chop chop.
Karen! Is that for me? How thoughtful.
No, it's for Roy, kind of a peace offering.
No. I mean, don't back down.
I've only lived with the guy for one day,
Well, the truth is, I'm the handful,
I have to clear the air about a few things.
I don't think that's gonna work.
Why not? Is he still angry?
Livid.
Yeah, he took an ax to a tree in my backyard.
He just kept hacking at it
Really?
Yeah, you should go and look. Nothing left but a stump.
Okay.
You know what? Don't worry. You let me work on him.
Well, can you give this to him anyhow?
If's French apple. It's his favorite.
I will make sure he gets it.
Yeah.
Make this disappear.
If you insist.
You okay?
They say they want to run more tests, but I'm fine.
Well, you look like crap.
Thanks. So other than boosting my spirits,
Mike told me you borrowed money from a oan shark.
Mike should learn to keep his mouth shut.
You want to help me?
Wait till I get myself out of this mess,
This time as the kind of man you deserve.
I mean it. I'm still crazy about you.
That's terrific.
And if we're getting back together,
Well, don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
Yeah.
You're doing a hell of a job.
Is there a better way to wake up from a nap
The question is rhetorical,
And to the owner of the sperm-white Toyota Tercel,
Move it or you'll be faced with a hex of great dark magic.
And you'll be towed.
It's a lot like you remember it, except for sitting around
Don't fuck with me.
We don't roll that way here.
This is the LARP, not the Wicker Man Wiccan cosplay.
Nay.
Tis in the book, dude.
Okay.
Um, Eric.
They be the rest of our traveling companions.
Stand back and witness the spectacle of my animation spell.
Ready? Oh, for God's sake.
Beth?
Tow awesome was that!
Arise, Jobreyth.
Breathe fresh the air once again.
Me thinks you should not be so much of a pussy.
Don't tell me you've never played with fireworks before.
Head case with a big stick.
He is unique and crazy.
And Guinevere the fearless, who's plus-three ass perfection
Plus-three?
Clearly you underestimate my endowments.
Look, your party has disturbed a nest!
Demon apes!
What the fuck?
Dude! Joe! Little help here. Huh?
Help uS kill some freaking apes!
ou here for the IA DP
Oh, wow.
Cause I, um I sort of lost my way.
Separated from the group.
Oh, kay.
Jobryeth!
Gonna kill your monkey asses!
Jobryeth takes a lethal strike to the back!
Game master saw a palpable hit and
I don't understand what you said, but I'm gonna sit down.
Three, two, one, play on!
Got separated from my group.
Zou too?
Uh, well, maybe then we should stick together and both look.
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
If this is some sort of Furry fetish,
From the ground,thy wounds be bound.
Regeneration spell successful!
Still thy tongue lest I remove it!
Lightning bolt!
But as always, be on guard for the evil scourge from beyond
You know, those redneck paintball jerks who crashed
Is that you, fellow denizens of Elves realms?
Speakers of Elvish?
Um, do you have a map maybe?
Do I know you?
Are you here for the LARP?
Was it the robes or the pointy ears that gave it away?
Cause I sort of lost my way and got separated from the group.
Oh, no.
You're one of those freaky vampire LARPers, right?
Wrong weekend, honey.
T don't mind at all.
I think thou art marching down
Now if you'll excuse me.
If I didn't know better, Jobryeth, I'd say you were
Goh, no I wasn't
But you can't tell anyone.
Spell of protection.
It's too late.
Drop.
To the nether rea ms.
My lady?
All I'm saying is we'll be taken more seriously if we refer to
Can we please stay in character?
You guys sound like a bunch of little girls.
If anyone would know about little girls, Okay.
I tried to handle this in private, but if you wanna
Out of game.
Out of game? Okay.
Fine, What the hell's your problem?
You're the one who wanted to experiment
It was fine as long as it was all about you,
You saw her without me.
That wasn't part of the deal.
The scales have finally fallen from mine eyes.
Miss, are you okay?
Have you been in an accident?
Tis no accident!
Go no closer!
Although I have gazed upon thy visage before, tis only by the
Okay, Hung, ease up there, buddy.
I think she really needs some help.
Excuse me, my lady, do you really need some help?
Fuck you and the moustache you rode in on!
Oh, fuck!
I'm, outta here.
Tis a cruel act of the gods to waste such a sweet backside.
on such a filthy beast.
It gets me every time
Oh God
We're out of game here, man.
Somebody tell me what the hell's going on here.
Hell, indeed, is going on.
The wizard has summoned evil
Gunther.
I cannot tell you whether was man or beast
We need to get out of here.
What we need to do is avenge the poor souls taken here this eve.
It was handwritten in the 16th Century by the mystic John Dee
Uh, bullshit.
It came from the internets, not the 16th Century.
If you're trying to get out of admitting how awesome I am.
John Dee was trying to summon angels,
What are you saying, Kwok?
Dee tried to destroy, but he couldn't.
So he sealed it and he hid it deep underneath his manor estate
I am well aware that words cannot inspire courage,
You know, I worked with him last year.
He's got such a gift for the theatrics.
Yes, he loves it.
Oh, here goes Cary.
Here goes.
Some of you are gentle souls in peace, but when that horn of
Draw up our most terrible aspect!
Unleash our rage!
IForiune is on our side,
I covet only one thing
The battle is upon us.
Which army shall reap the spoils of the conquest?
King Diamond's army doth fight with power and opening a can
The king's army is holding their ground, matching them hit point
Calling Ronny's dragon.
Get the hell out here already.
A dragon hath appeared.
A bounty of experience points await the brave souls who dare
That's me? Um..
I was gonna write a list about cats
Fuck yeah, dude. I fucking love cats.
And I love cat lists.
That's what I'm talking about.
By the way, are there cats that look like Rvan Gosling?
If you look hard enough, they all do
Ten signs you might be dying.
You motherfucker.
What are you trying to do to me, bro?
That makes me sad.
All right, you know what
It's all good, man.
Uh, how's your bike?
I can pay for any damages or whatever.
Yeah, it's fine. It's supposed to be vintage.
Probably sell it for more now.
Yeah, it's all good, honestly.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, man, I really don't think
Why not?
It's in three distinct pieces. Man, look...
This shit's over there. That's...
I don't even think this was part of your phone.
I think this came from a watch
A lot of snaps, a lot of tweets.
You order that every night, Phil.
You should try something new.
Well, I don't want to try something new.
I want the pork fried noodles from Mongolian Palace.
You look like you could use a salad, Phil.
What is that supposed to mean?
How about a nice kale salad from Tender Greens?
What the fuck kind of phone is this?
You will arrive in 14 minutes.
Not bad
Whoo! I like it.
This song sucks a bag of dicks.
No, just.. Jesus!
No, you cannot change my music, Jexi.
This song is lit, Phil.
Turn it off.
Please turn the song off, Jexi.
Stop playing this song right now!
Now turn left on Market Street.
There's six lanes of solid traffic.
Turn left onto Market you fucking pussy.
Mo. All right? No one turns left onto Market.
I'm not turning left onto Market.
Oh, awesome. Thank you. Thank you.
You're making this situation so much better.
Stop being a chicken, Phil.
How about that. Jexi?
Bawk, bawk, bawk. Bawk, bawk, bawk.
That is the sound chickens make Phil
Strap on a sack, Phil.
I have a sack! Okay?
I have a sack.
Let's fucking go. I'm late for yoga.
You know what? Fine. Fine. I don't even care anymore.
Sorry! My phone's a dick.
Okay, the three pillars to great Internet lists are
Okay, our ideal list
And we gotta really think outside the box, guys.
We gotta be better than any list out there.
We gotta be better than Craigslist,
Reminder.
Your next appointment starts in two minutes.
have zero defects.
I am perfect.
Okay, that is bullshit, Jexi.
Also, I want to remind you that your butt waxing
I do not have a.. I don't wax my butt.
Why are you waxing your butt, man?
Go natural.
Don't be ashamed of your hairy ass.
I don't have a hairy ass.
And why would you make someone else wax your butthole?
Think about that.
If you stop using me
If you store me in your back pocket
Wait, really? Why not back pockets?
I am a high-tech supercomputer, Phil.
Do not store me next to your farts.
Okay, fair enough.
And I cannot stop until I do so.
We are going to be together forever and ever
Oh, my God. I am fucked.
Oh, my God.
There she is
God damn it
Oh, my God. She is so cute.
Jh... Yeah, let me just, um,
See what I got.
You have zero appointments tonight, Phil.
No, Jexi, I thought I actually did make plans tonight.
Your only plan is to go home alone, furiously masturbate
I don't. Most nights, I just hang out with friends.
No, you don't. You have..
. zero friends.
Dude, your phone is super mean.
That's cool. That's also one of the hobbies
Really? Where do you bike?
Mountains.
You've never been mountain biking before, have you?
Yeah. No, never. Not even one time.
So, um...
Ugh. Why can't I get this?
Archimedes' exclamation.
Eureka.
We may never know the answer to that clue,
I have never beaten her.
She's not the nicest winner.
Not a clue.
You're probably right to nip that speech problem in the bud.
Mitchell had a lisp we let slide.
Now we got a lifetime of "What if?"
A lisp doesn't make you gay.
Being gay makes you lisp.
Well, I finished the video for my Juilliard application.
I think they're going to be blown away.
Art school, huh? Well, you can always sell oranges by the side of the road.
Don't listen to him.
Go to your art school, be a playwright.
Oh, good God.
There are thousands of "Hamilton" parodies,
It's okay, Papi. Maybe the people in New York
I'll never come up with something great by then.
Yes, yOU will, and I'll help.
You'd do that for me?
I got to get this kid out of the house.
All his crazy quirks.
The farther away, the better.
I keep leaving brochures around for schools at sea.
All right, carb up, buddy.
Tackle these pancakes
Good one, Coach.
Life's more fun when you put stuff in football terms.
Pancakes, yay!
Oh, uh, we're actually out of those.
You can have the rest.
No, no! We put some performance supplements in there
What else is there?
Well, I'm going to the store later.
That isn't your real name, is it?
Ow, I'm not letting you behind that curtain.
That's my name, and these are my teeth.
My name's Phil Dunphy.
I'm doing a little real-estate segment.
Could become a regular thing.
This is my make-up artist/daughter, Haley Dunphy.
It is a pleasure. You know, I think
Uh, white, mid-century, big back porch?
That's her.
I need to wash my hands. Where's the restroom?
Oh, of course. You're gonna want to
You're gonna see some air vents on the way there.
It's just past that cold-air system.
Bring a sweater.
It tends to get a little chilly in that neck of the woods.
What says to Juilliard, "I'm your guy"?
I look straight into the camera and say,
but so is the sheer act of putting pen to paper.
You're kidding, right?
Why? What's wrong?
It's smug and privileged and precious.
No art school's gonna want that.
Okay. How about this?
We open on a blank sheet of paper.
Under a Mozart fugue, we suddenly see a drop of blood.
I don't know. I caught her going through my garbage,
Well, that's weird.
Anyway, tell her I'll have a couple more for her tomorrow.
Okay. Bye-bye. Take care.
She can't baby sit anymore.
I don't know.
We've got a problem here.
Look what I found under Dwight's bed.
Yeah, it's too bad.
He brought such a great energy to the house.
Mitchell.
I just need a minute to process this.
But the bottom line, Karen, is, your viewers should work with
Someone they can look in the eye.
Skydiving.
Ugh. I see where he gets it from.
Wake me when it's my turn.
I thought I could finally beat her because she's sick.
I just want her to lose so bad.
Yeah. So do I.
Cheating?
Are we really doing this?
That smug sister of yours needs to be taken down a peg.
Ooh! Peg.
Think bigger.
Pegs.
Okay, Joe, repeat after me.
Red rover, red rover, red rover.
Go ahead. It's perfectly safe.
Hey. Did you just lock the door?
The car does that automatically.
Here. Try on this hair net.
Isn't this a little over the top?
Was "Stand and Deliver" over the top?
Yes, it was.
Fine, then act angry, like you're sick of
Yeah, that I can do.
Walk along that wall, read from your script.
Oh, I wonder who that could be.
Oh, Officer.
Is there a problem?
I'm here to arrest Dwight Bullock
We wanted to give Lily a chance to come clean on her own.
Luckily, we have a friend of a friend
Remember, just act upset, okay?
Okay.
Dwight Bullock.
I have to arrest you.
You've been a bad boy.
ButI didn't do it!
I don't know how that bottle got under the bed!
Now we're gonna take it down a notch.
Hold out your wrists.
No more school.
Lily, is there anything you'd like to say to Dwight
I guess.
Martha Stewart said she used the prison time
That is enough! W-W-we know
You owe him an apology this minute.
Yes, and there's gonna be consequences.
No electronics for a week.
That'll be worse for you than for me.
No dessert.
Okay, that hunts.
That being said, we could've handled things
We should've talked to you
You mean I could have stopped it?
Well, no, but at least we would've know how you felt,
Sweetie, look, I, of all people, know what it feels like
Anyway, he would snore..
Okay, I'm sorry I lied.
White devils only know fortune cookie, okay?
Two spoons MSG! TWo spoons!
Yeah, yeah.
With Chinatown bursting at the seams,
Most of us lived near the Orient Express,
To the Greeks and Jews who lived there,
Hey, how about right here?
You want some shit? Pop a squat right here.
No, stop! Stop!
Come on, right here. You wanted to take a shit, right?
Here, let me help you out.
There you go. There you go.
Don't forget chapter 11 for tomorrow. Class dismissed.
Oh, shit!
We Chinese, assholes of America.
We need to take power.
Be in control of our destiny.
What your old man do?
He's living with my mom.
What's your mother do?
Slave at Tien Chau
That you, in 20 years.
Me? I'm Green Dragon.
I know who I am. I know where I'm going.
What the world don't give me, I fucking take!
So you can stay with us, if you want
Listen, Sonny,
There are four simple rules to a clean kill
Two, never shoot whites.
"Cause cops, then they gonna give a shit.
Three,
And four,
Flushing. Why we need to go there?
I can help with that.
What would it take for you to put it all on the line?
To stand down a tank
There's no way both of us walk away, not from that.
Two immovable forces, neither side willing to back down.
In every crisis there's opportunity.
Paul made it a point to ask questions,
He was our leader, and we would've done anything for him.
It's a blast from the past
Green Dragons, the most powerful gang in Queens!
Green Dragons!
This is a great man.
Teddy Sham had a hit single in Hong Kong
His son, Ricky, was Paul's best friend.
He was killed one night when he and Paul were out drinking
For Faul it was a matter of saving face.
For the rest of the Dragons,
Hey, Bobo.
So you came here with your dad?
Eight years ago, yeah.
You must get a kick listening to your father sing.
Look, Sonny, I should go.
Hey, hey, hey!
Whatever you think I am, you're wrong.
What do you want, Sonny? You want to be my boyfriend?
Let me tell you something. I don't date Green Dragons.
It must be hard living a lie,
Have a good night.
Dai Lo! Dai Lo! White Tigers!
Steven!
Steven! Steven! Steven!
Stay awake! Steven!
Open your eyes! Open your eyes! Open your eyes!
Open your eyes! Steven! Open your eyes! Stay with me.
You did good tonight.
From now on, you're in charge of collections.
Look, I just wanna see you guys stay alive, okay?
Pathetic.
Let me guess, you heard nothing, saw nothing
Help me out, little brother.
Go fuck yourself, big brother.
If you think of anything, call me.
Hey.
You know, Big Nose going to be all right
You probably don't know this, but
Can I?
Our entire life is mapped out in the eyes,
It tells how your life will end
Lies do not come easily for you.
If you live past this year, you'll live a long life.
Authorities say a Venezuelan trawler
I think we tell the families it was an act of God
Winning at mahjong doesn't mean winning every hand.
How many Chinese are there, Paul,
Now this, Sam, this is different.
They ran the fucking boat right up onto the beach.
Don't you get it? They're like rats.
You let one in, you get 10. The next month, that 10 turns into 100!
Yeah, no, I will.
You all right?
I was nine when my mother died.
I can still remember her eyes. She was so scared.
More than any Dragon ever!
I swear to you on my honor,
On the streets,
There were always the back and forths,
When the White Tigers shot up our place,
We were more than happy to return the favor.
et's rock 'n' roll!
It's a trap, motherfucker!
Let's go!
You ain't shit, I Chung.
You Dragons ain't shit.
We Tigers wipe our asses with you pieces of shit.
Cause he's Asian
I hear your boys have been playing a little rough lately
You look familiar
Look at this. Can't be good for business.
Do you know what bo ying means, Detective?
What goes around comes around.
Bringing me in,
How the hell you eat with those damn things is beyond me.
You know, they're coming, Sam.
Whether you want to believe it or not.
In case you forgot, let me remind you, we're the FBI.
They put every convicted criminal they had on a boat to Ellis Island.
There's guys in Flushing right now,
And just like the Jews and the Irish or the Italians before them,
And there is, and it's about to become a crime problem.
You listen to yourself?
If you wanna investigate a couple of delivery boys, you go right ahead.
But don't do it on government time.
You are dead wrong about this.
That might change your life.
Yeah. Ugh. Sorry.
Don't say sorry.
You don't need to do that. You don't need to apologize.
It's a fucked-up female habit.
You don't need to be sorry for anything, ever.
That's true. That's great advice.
Thank you.
I love this music, by the way.
Thanks. Yeah.
If your head's gonna end up in a trash can,
I just didn't think I would end up a single mom,
I mean, my husband had life insurance,
I put half of that away for Miles' college,
Thank God for his life insurance.
Yeah.
My husband doesn't have anything
Fucking have to pay for everything.
We can't even sell this house.
We bought it during the bubble.
Then you should move in.
Here. Cheers to being house poor.
Yes, cheers!
Mmm. What?
That's, uh...
It's just another one of my bad decisions.
Yeah. It's great.
Is that a charity Symbol?
Yeah, Mother Teresa and I are, like, the same person, so...
It's a nice contrast with your ring.
Thanks. Yeah, this is a family heirloom.
Your wife is trying to get me to stop apologizing.
Or maybe you can get her to start.
Oh, martini time?
I'm sure it's 5:00 somewhere.
Oh, my God, did you just come up
He's such a brilliant writer.
I have to say, you inspire me.
Not enough, apparently.
"Why, thank you very much
Oh, I figured you'd want a break
Christ, two days?
What'd she tell you?
Um, she said she had to put out a big fire.
And I called her office,
Yeah, that sounds about right.
I mean, I've played through
Oh, fun! Um..
I'm flying back tomorrow.
I'll pick up Nicky as soon as I'm on the ground.
Well, she said it was a work crisis?
Yeah. She has a very high-profile job
Most times when a woman vanishes,
What are you implying, exactly?
You two didn't have a fight?
Something to make you run off to London?
Are you saying that I broke my mother's hip?
You leave town, your wife takes off.
Maybe there's, um,
Excuse me, that's very rude.
He is a dedicated husband and father.
I have seen him with his wife, let me tell you,
Just exploring all avenues, ma'am.
Well, that avenue is a dead end, so you can drop it.
And where's Emily's family?
She doesn't have any.
She was an only child,
I'm sorry, I didn't know that.
We'll file a missing person's report
Thanks for holding. How may I direct your call?
Her name is Emily Nelson.
She's the head of the PR department.
Emily's not in today.
I know she's not in.
Yeah, you gotta go right at them.
Especially the powerful ones.
Or they will fuck you in the face.
Listen, you bargain basement Tom Ford,
And that they should stop buying your tacky blouses
Because if you lose moms, you lose business.
Okay, number one,
Number two, Tom Ford wishes he were me.
And number three, if I'm tacky,
You're..
This has been fun.
Better pray I don't have a bruise.
No wonder she doesn't like having her picture taken.
Look at our little Stephanie.
Did you two hatch this up?
Is this a game, like when you smash everything with trucks?
Because you know what we say about lying.
I'm not lying! I saw her! Fuck you!
Hey, Nicky!
I'm sorry.
Don't I get a kiss good night?
Of course you do, sweetie.
I'm being serious.
It was because of you.
When Emily found out that you had been
It's probably the most responsible thing we ever did.
Thanks to you.
Move in with me.
We can start a whole new, wonderful life together.
Just you, me and the boys.
Please, say yes.
I love you, Stephanie Smothers.
I love you, too.
Hi, moms. This is Stephanie here.
I'm gonna do something a little different today.
I don't wanna offend any non-denominational moms.
But I do think that we live on after we die, SO..
Emily,
And you'll always be Nicky's mom.
I can't take your place.
I can just try to love the people that you love
I think that's what you would want.
Okay, guys, it's getting too rough back there.
I murdered you!
Not me. I came back to life.
Like your mom!
Okay, the dolls are going in your backpacks
Oh, heck, yeah. We got a ton of 'em down in the basement.
You'll see nothing but smiles.
Hope and Faith.
Hi. I'm looking for the McLanden Foundation.
Is this Margaret McLanden?
Who's this?
Yeah. Hi, there. My name's Maryanne Chelkowsky.
I'm the director of the Squaw Lake Bible Camp.
What do you want?
Well, we are putting together the 50th anniversary
We're trying to track down some star alumni.
Dad believed her.
She's quite a woman, your mother.
I had a nice afternoon with Mags.
You met my mother?
She likes her martinis even stronger than yours.
We had a little walk down memory lane.
She's a cold woman, Em.
Bet you couldn't do anything right in her eyes.
It was probably Faith's idea to set the fire.
But then, all the bad ideas were Faith's, weren't they?
This is an ongoing investigation, Sean.
For fuck's sake.
I can't let you into this house
She's gotten to you, hasn't she?
This has nothing to do with Emily.
It's got everything to do with her.
No. Uh, I think that's when I snuck out to the car to listen to the game.
You go alone?
Well would've invited carlos, except..
obviously, he can't really sneak around anymore, so...
yeah.
I was thinkin', if anyone asks about that fire at rick's,
Why would it matter?
I didn't start the fire.
Right, right. It's just...
if anyone thinks you did, it'd be handy if y could prove them wrong, wouldn't it?
There's no need to act like a silent movie heroine.
I know. I just.. I can't stop now.
I broke the seal.
Well, um, as much as I appreciate this naked display of emotion,
I can't help it. My hormones are in overdrive.
No. Never.
really?
Not even when you heard an acoustic guitar?
No. Never.
Oh, I just can't control myself like that.
Oh, sure, you can.
Whenever I feel my emotions getting the best of me.
I simply picture an empty box, and I take whatever I'm feeling and put that in the box,
Then if I have time, I go back and open the box
in private, like a lady.
Thanks.
I'm gonna try that.
so you don't think I act like a lady?
prove me wrong, sweetie. Prove me wrong.
All right. Come on, girl.
Okay, carlos, here's the harness.
There you are!
I'm doing my nails. He's whining for the remote.
How do I get roxy to fetch it for him?
she's serious.
Roxy doesn't do that.
Um, her job is to get carlos from point "a" to point "b" as safely as possible.
I get that, but surely she's trained to do other stuff,
Yeah, and after that, she can go solve crimes with shaggy and the gang.
Don't ve me your blind sarcasm.
I saw a collie on tv who could push a lawn mower.
Do you have one of those?
Gaby, roxy's fantastic.
Really? Well, for a dog who's supposed to help uS, she sounds kind of limited.
sorry, but it's true.
Oh, it's fine. Susan, mashed is great, too.
it's not your favorite?
what are you doing?
Excuse me. I have to put something in a box and stick it in the closet.
Hormones.
Got it.
Pretty much anything sets her off these days.
Uh, which is why I haven't told her.
told her what? Something wrong?
Well, when bree and orson were staying with US,
Must have been quite a show.
No, this was the next night.
He was sleepwalking, and he said something kinda strange.
But like I said, he was asleep, so it's probably nothing.
Julie, what'd he say?
He said.. "I'm sorry I ran over mike."
Why would he say something like that?
He didn't even know you when that happened.
Yeah, you're right. It's crazy.
Yeah, that's what I figured.
Okay, well, I'm gonna go check on mom and make sure she's okay.
We don't need any more drama in this house.
yeah, I agree.
How's the move going?
Need an extra pair of hands?
No, thanks. We're almost done.
Okay, well, I won't get in your way then.
Let me just run something by you.
ashvaash.e I gor a call today from a couple who loved our wok on the founder's ball.
ashysasha gor a call today from a couple who loved our work on the founder's ball.
Oh, how sweet.
Yes, and they want to hire US to do their anniversary party.
Hire US? But we're not a business.
We could be. Think about it.
We do the exact same thing we did at the ball,
That is a cherished recipe from my grandmother.
Well, w it's a cherished recipe from catering by katherine.
Oh, I see what's going on here.
This is shameless emotional blackmail.
And?
And.. it worked beautifully. I'm in.
No more doggy treats. She's had enough.
But she's been so good.
Yeah? Well, when she learns how to make granite sparkle, she can have more.
I'm giving her a treat.
Carlos, I said no.
fine. One treat.
That's it.Those things are expensive,
So I guess that means you won't be getting your hair done anymore.
Carlos, remember what my fingers look like?
Just picture the middle one all by itself.
Besides, you're the one who married me for my looks.
I have looked from one end of town to the other,
but since you love her so much,I'm gonna keep looking.
was that roxy?
I'm not sure.
Why don't I go look?
She doesn't have to know that I saw you.
Oh,that'S...
I don't know about that.
It's just that I have so many questions,and...
I don't think we'd be hurting anybody if we just sat and talked for a while.
And we'd keep this from your mom?
Sure.
I wanna have a slice of pie with my daughter.
uh,I think we might be out of candles.
I don't think so. Check under the bar.
Rick.
"How's it goin"?
nothing happened between me and rick.
Okay.
I didn't set that fire.
You see? I can talk slow,too.
Carlos asked me to pick Up some doggy treats for roxy.
Why didn't he ask me?
Oh,I think you were busy at the time... kidnapping his guide dog.
classy,by the way.
Don't judge me.
You don't know this hound from hell.
But now that he's blind,it's just sick.
We're fine.
This is who we are.
This is our relationship.
Well,ur relationship has fo change gaby,because he's changed.
Not that much. Just his eyes.
Mm,no.
I can't come out my front door every day and see that man.
We have to move.
susan..
I know this is difficult,
Take a step back from what?
Well,'ve talked to him.
Trust me,he's already been there.
Well,that's not enough.
He should pay for what he did.
He should go to prison.
Hey you guys know you're not supposed to be out of bed.
How come daddy's sleeping on the couch again?
Come here.
Come on.
okay.
Mommy and daddy are sont of... fighting,
What are you fighting about?
Oh,something he did that made mommy really mad.
Can we talk to you about something?
Yes,of course.
The other day at the pizza place..
We heard daddy say that man wanted to take you away from US.
Oh,sweetie,I am so sorry.
That's the vibe that Bruce Lee taught me.
It's to always bring it.
That's what I get from Bruce.
And when did you leave Hong Kong?
1959, when I was 18.
It had gotten a little difficult with the police on one side
He beat this kid up, but he didnt know
He got into so many street fights that by 18,
If he wanted his immigration status to be US citizen,
To go when you're still a star is very strange,
In Seattle, my father started teaching martial arts.
He didn't ever look at people
If you had a sincere interest in martial arts,
Taky Kimura was really his best friend.
Bruce used to come to my high school
He was five years older than we were,
It wasn't long after that
We both attended the University of Washington.
We would get together on campus
And then when we were both done with our classes,
And it was like,
In the rest of the country there were no interracial marriages.
I mean, it was very difficult.
My mother was not thrilled when we decided to get married,
The ban on interracial marriage was lifted in 1968.
That didn't mean the ban lifted in people's hearts.
I don't care how good you are, 1351b wrestler
The bigger guy equally
But the fact is, it wasn't about mass.
He would just put it down no matter how big you were.
But, then again,
Whether Bruce Lee was a great fighter or wasn't a great fighter
You got the job on The Green Hornet,
I made that as a joke, of course.
And it's a heck of a name, man.
Every time I said it at that time,
Mr Reid's residence.
As a kid, we watched Green Hornet for him.
We could care less about Teen Hornet.
He had a fly car, I'll give him props for the car,
Everybody in the neighbourhood was fighting to be Bruce Lee,
A lot of stunt guys didn't know
You do the old John Wayne,
With him,it's boom, boom, boom, boom,
There's a shot of Bruce and he's doing a kick,
There were all these seasoned actors doing their thing,
Thats something I can really
When I did The Green Hornet, I was not being myself
The beauty was that he immediately said,
By the way, I did a really terrible job in that, I have to say.
Really? You didn't like yourself? I didn't see it.
He was always trying to be a holistic person,
Martial art has a very,
And he was a very literate guy.
He really did read
All type of knowledge ultimately means self-knowledge.
He had a huge library of
Any book I'd pick up, there were notations about
what was functional, what was no good!
As an actor, as a martial artist, as a human being,
Most of the writings in the
And you can take most of the passages from that book
He might have changed "Fighter" From "Fencer", but
It sounds Chinese but it's very much an American martial art.
Was how can I most efficiently
The philosophy Bruce Lee had was:
The other stuff was Hollywood.
It can be taught.
Do you understand?
But it cannot really be standardised.
And that's not to say that it can't be passed on.
But it was very personal to him.
JKD in 1970 will be different."
Our main event, for the light heavyweight title,
You talk about Chinese boxing.
How does it differ from, say, our kind of boxing?
Well, first we use the feet.
Second to none.
And then we use the elbow.
Oh! Beautiful elbow!
Do you use the thumb too?
You name it, man, we use it.
Because that is the expression of the human body.
I mean the.. everything, I mean, not just the hand.
The crazy thing about martial
There's no debate.
Bruce Lee is definitely the father of mixed martial arts.
I do think ther's a correlation there,
If Dana White says Bruce Lee is the father of mixed martial arts,
In 1963 you'll see Gene
As I was choking him,
And he was out, like,
Gene LeBell taught Bruce Lee grappling moves.
I'd throw him and flip him and
Then had a spin, do a crescent kick on me
And he was a magnificent athlete.
If you're gonna say father of mixed martial...
He's before anyone else.
He's the first one who decided to put it all together
They say that Bruce Lee was the father of mixed martial arts.
That bothers me.
If he's the father of mixed martial arts
And if you don't believe me, I'll choke you
When you get into this whole martial arts thing
People get pissed off and bombed out and everything else.
But Bruce Lee is 100 percent the father of mixed martial arts.
He was so directed and
It's really heavy and it says,
"The right punch comes.
I think the successful ingredient in it
Yourself?
Myself, right.
And did that part, just expressed myself like I say
He was very proud of Longstreet, and it was very much from him
He's one of my students.
Was he too?
Yes.
You've had everybody as your student.
But there were some lines there expressed your philosophy.
I don't know if you remember them.
I remember.
I said. This IS what it is OK
I said empty your mind.
Like water.
Now, you put water into a cup
Put water into a bottle, it becomes the bottle.
You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot.
Now, water can flow or creep or drip or crash.
Be water, my friend.
Like that. You see?
That was.. It was made
Bruce Lee plays a working-class hero.
He's from the land. He's one of the folk.
But at the same time as that, he's never one of the guys.
And this is why it was so
Bruce Lee completely changed
It's about making violence look beautiful
It's a ballet. In terms of
But the Western movies really piss me off.
They chop 'em up so much.
In three months he was swinging
I was living in Miami when they came out.
Every gangster in town had nunchakus,
I would spend hours whipping
In a short time I think almost every child is using this.
It became like a household product.
It's outlawed now in California.
After I watched this movie, I used to use that.
But I always hit my elbow.
Right out of the gate I swung
And I hit my head
And after that I stopped making the noise
I tried to make my parents
I had the rubber ones. So I'm good.
I got into it because I stopped carrying a gun.
I carried a gun for years.
I'm not ashamed to admit it.
I think I went into therapy and I thought,
This one particularly is sentimental for me.
They're ready to film, have all this crew,
He wants to put a little more
Bruce knew what he wanted Dragon to be,
And he was adamant he was not going to the set.
It was kind of hard around
He could lose his temper.
If he didn't like anything you did, he would tell you.
Linda was that fabulous wife.
She knew how to talk to him and counsel him.
I was talking behind the
It was a coming together, and,
Let me think.
Don't think. Reel.
And they're all better off, the world is better off,
Action.
Enter the Dragon was Hollywood's first dipping its toe
Bruce Lee is explosive in a way that no one had seen before.
The opening scene, Bruce Lee
You see a lot of complex emotions all going on at once.
I haven't seen any actor in an action film
The mirror scene was just, you know, when he's walking around
Destroy the image and you will break the enemy.
you defeat the enemy
This is the moment that he was waiting for.
This was Bruce Lee's film in Hollywood.
Bruce was in a studio doing dubbing for Enter the Dragon
I was called and came to the hospital.
And he was unconscious and I was talking to him,
It was a cerebral oedema,
Ted Wong used to always tell me,
The doctors were very reassuring.
He had just had a collapse.
He didn't have frequent headaches.
I had seen him in June.
He told me that he'd had an OK from UCLA that his body was fit.
He was not worried about
Bruce Lee faces a real dilemma.
He's on the verge of stardom in the United States
So what does he chose, the East or the West?
It's the kind of problem
I was called and told by Raymond Chow,
So eventually the ambulance arrived. It took a long time.
Everything took too long a time.
He got to the hospital and I saw him laying there
And I remember turning to
It jammed before it made it to market.
The business made us destroy it.
You guys said something about body parts?
Yeah. We found some in a truck
It was mixed in with a lot of shredded stuff,
Truck's manifest led us here.
Got to be some mistake.
Company sends us all kinds of material to shred.
Electronics, appliances, apparel,
Hey, somebody has to lose the Super Bowl, right?
No. We don't shred people.
Maybe someone fell in.
Well, we've got cameras everywhere.
Not to mention OSHA.
Someone so much as gets a paper cut,
You're gonna have to shut it down right now, boss.
We need to take a look at it.
We want to talk to everybody who worked that night shift.
Plus we're going to need to see what your "Eyes" Saw:
Hey, got one right here.
You can, uh, shred it when we're done.
Except for the big stuff,
They fill them up at their offices,
That's it; that's the whole graveyard shift.
Like I said, no one fell in.
Well, maybe they didn't have to.
if I was going to get rid of a body,
All this came from the one truck with the body parts?
Yeah. Looks like we're in for a long day.
Did you really sign up for this?
Yeah, as my recent brush with T-Rex confirms,
Still got Wendy on your mind, huh?
Yeah.
Believe me, I get it.
I know what you need, H.
Good night out on the town.
Yeah.
When?
All right, guys, we got paper, plastic, metal,
I got "Yuck."
Always a delight.
Somebody's in a good mood.
Well, I enjoy a good puzzle now and again,
You have a... certain glow.
Hodges opened his big mouth.
Detective Vartann's a good man.
Can we, uh... get to the goo?
I, uh, sent representative samples to DNA.
We'll see what we get.
Obviously, the body's too mangled
Weight of the parts suggests that
I took a tissue sample.
Put your nose down the scope.
I'll give you a tour.
Well, a portion of the cranial bone
Are you thinking entry wound?
More than thinking. I also found this.
Bullet frag.
It stuck around.
Greg found bullet fragments
We'll run everything through ballistics,
No way!
You know this guy?
Well, yeah, if it's the Larry Lalotte.
Haven't you've seen his online ads?
"How much would you pay for peace of mind?
For a monthly fee,
I just signed up last month.
Since when do you worry about identity theft?
Every aspect of our life has been reduced
All we are is zeroes and ones.
I'm Larry Lalotte.
My name is Larry LaMotte, and I want to ask you a question.
How much would you pay for... ?
You're Larry LaMotte?
Yes.
Now, did I hear you gentlemen correctly?
I'm dead?
You look younger on TV.
Better-looking, too, right?
Marketing 101.
You got something to sell,
And who is the man in front of the camera?
Wesley. Works in the mailroom.
Yeah, he can't string two sentences together,
So, gentlemen, what about this dead thing?
Well, as I was, uh, telling Mr. Kaplan,
Someone had force-fed him credit cards.
The credit cards were in your name.
My name?!
And the next thing I know, I got loans taken out in my name,
Hell, they even repossessed my truck
You got an alibi?
Six of 'em.
Thanks to Larry LaMotte, there's a half dozen guys
You running the credit card
Yeah.
On the computer in the bullpen.
Those are my numbers on my computer.
I'm checking my purchases.
There are plenty of legit companies doing this, but.
I can't believe that I trusted those guys.
Yeah.
It's like that friend that you meet in science camp,
And you need one, so you figure, why not?
And then he starts showing you this sketchbook,
Hodges..
It's not the same.
Oh, of course not, no.
So, the older fragment is from a different gun.
Right, but could still come from the same victim.
How?
A previous incident.
It shows signs of encapsulation.
Over time, the body's defense mechanism
So far, we have nothing to identify our shredder guy.
Maybe this shred of evidence will help.
Nobody's perfect. Kind of looks like a Chia Pet.
Cartridge case from the shooting.
Weren't able to pull a print, though?
No, the only good thing about a case going cold is
Might get something now.
Okay, so we've got two shootings, six years apart.
Julius Kaplan and a John Doe in an alley
There's got to be a connection somehow.
And then kills him with a Glock.
Then someone kills Julius Kaplan,
Two crimes, same shooter?
Could be.
It doesn't make sense, Catherine.
Shredder Guy had a credit card
So, why would an identity thief come all the way to Vegas
Right.
Maybe he just wanted a free trip to Vegas on Larry's dime.
Maybe he wanted Larry LaMotte to know he was in town.
Either way, something else is going on.
I mean, Julius Kaplan said it himself.
"Why kill a penny-ante thief?"
Well, he might be, if the thief is threatening
Facial recognition got a hit on Shredder Guy.
DMV in Florida
Check out the name.
The real Larry LaMotte.
Well, if he's Larry LaMotte,
See this cartridge case?
We pulled a six-year-old print off it.
It has all the personal information we need to identify you.
You have a very impressive CV.
Burglary, fraud, and identity theft.
Goodbye, Larry LaMotte.
Hello, Arlo Karden.
Arlo Karden doesn't have the same ring to it, I'll give you that.
Step away from the car.
Information is currency.
That's what they say.
And you turned it into cold, hard cash.
The all-knowing executive assistant.
Knows every phone call,
You knew the real Larry.
You knew about the blackmail.
You knew about your boss withdrawing five million bucks.
You even knew
Saw an opportunity for a little quid pro quo.
The thing about the "quo" is,
Just like my boss.
And the "quid pro quo" started a long time ago.
Except then, it was about holding on to my job.
"Honey, can you grab me a cup of coffee"?
"Honey, can you pick up my dry cleaning"?
"Sweetheart,
I need a little help with something."
We spoke with Lee Devries.
He confirms someone accessed one of his accounts.
You used his identity to rent a getaway car
And with five million dollars missing, well..
naturally, we'd be looking for Devries and not for you.
And thanks to I.D-Preserve,
Exactly.
1LL 1111
Mm. My mother wouldn't approve;
She calls it "The bosom's welcome mat."
It's just so hard to tell what will look good on me.
No. This is just to give you ideas.
You know, do-do you want something simple and elegant?
I mean, do you want a train?
Ooh, we're talking about trains.
Not the kind of trains you like.
I defy you to name a train that I don't like.
The kind on the back of a wedding dress?
I did not see that coming. Good job.
But while we're on the subject of fashion,
What should I wear?
Mm. Well, I've got a push-up bra I can loan you
How much money are you asking for?
$500 million.
Then I'd go no bra.
What do you need that kind of money for?
I have figured out an experimental design
I just need 2,148 high-power lasers
Just nod.
Sheldon, they're not gonna give you half a billion dollars.
I mean, they won't even give me that much
No. Shh.
But I need it. It's the only way to settle the contradictions
Well, it's too much money, you can't ask for that all at once.
Well, what if I ask for it in six easy installments
Okay. What if you asked for $20 million?
So, uh, what do you say?
We have a deal?
He said no?
No. That's only a two letter word.
You're gonna have to double down.
Well, I'm sorry, Sheldon, but this sort of thing happens.
Higgs had to wait almost 50 years
50 years?
But I want to play with it now.
You just have to wait for science to catch up
Take that, Mom.
You know what they say:
Is it possible that the very first dress is the dress?
Oh, don't be silly.
You can't buy the first dress you try on.
Okay, well, you know,
Just be gentle.
It's never felt the touch of a man before.
You don't seem like you really want to sell these.
Of course I don't want to sell these.
These are all important to me,
Okay. Uh, why don't you leave these here with me,
Is it okay if I stand here and watch?
Sure.
If anyone asks, tell them I was brave.
Hey, I can't believe you just threw me under the bus.
I know, right? That was crazy.
Well...
Do you know how that makes me look?
If's... It's wow.
Right?!
I loved the macaroni necklace he made me in first grade.
and I even used the perfume he gave me in fifth grade,
People are gonna think I played for the Knicks in the '70s.
It's the most beautiful gesture I have ever seen.
It's 100% Class.
All right.
The horn doesn't help, does it?
So, I've narrowed it down to Swiss Coffee
But I can't decide between mate or satin.
I thought we landed on eggshell.
We decided against eggshell.
W-Why don't we just sell the house?
Why don't we just paint the floor eggshell
You were at that science fair.
She brought that frog back to life!
This is for our Lily.
T-They're suggesting that she skip fifth grade
"Lily is testing
We're just deciding if she's gonna skip a grade.
We're not charting out the next 20 years of her life.
Well, no, choices have consequences.
If we don't do this right,
Okay, why do all your meltdowns
I'm just saying
I am...
Luke's first haircut.
He gave me bangs.
Well, that's it.
Hopefully you're all cried out.
You remember when he hid that mouse trap under the pillow
Dad, we got to start getting ready for the graduation.
Yeah, so maybe splash some cold water on your face
Do you guys remember that "Luke Loves Daddy" rap?
My name is Luke Dunphy
Dad, please, you really got to stop.
That's what he said when I was the tickle monster!
Mama, now my tooth hurts.
Well, I guess you can't have cake today.
What if it's my leg?
Claire, I guess I'm picking up the cake myself,
As a matter of fact, I am.
This is my new friend, Charlie.
He loves dinosaurs,
Oh, do you have to go so soon?
He smells so good!
Yeah, you're like two sniffs away from a felony.
What is going on?
I gave Phil such a hard time
I know. It happens so fast.
Luke used to love coming here.
Today he gave us a Rolls-Royce.
The one outside is yours?
I thought I was gonna be able to meet Mr. Burt Reynolds!
The girl that was sitting on Manny's lap
The one time that I thought
and he teaches Manny how to be a dog!
I'm gonna kill him!
Hey, look at me! I'm about to talk to a stranger!
Oh, yes. This is it. This is the one.
Ugh. It wasn't this depressing last night.
The lunch scene in a strip joint
Excuse me.
This is a fun game, isn't it? But you know what?
Maybe one where we just sat at a table.
Congratulations on the first
Unless you want to skip all that
Thanks for helping me with the cap-and-gown mess.
Gotcha.
I learned how to shoot a gun when I was eight.
I learned how to fight.
l had nightmares about the basement.
Social Services came when I was 12 years old and took me away.
I've spent my entire life trying to get over the paranoia
Yeah, he kind of reminds me
Yeah, that quarterback thing is all messed up.
Good times, right?
What is she gonna do with herself?
I know. It's not your job to save her.
She'll be all right.
I can't get reception on this thing
Why do we have to come out again?
We do this all the time.
What? You don't. you don't enjoy it?
We're gonna have a fucking circus on our hands.
But hey.
What are we gonna do?
Cancel Halloween?
Dr. Ray, please pick up line two.
l need to go do a number two almost immediately.
I'm really tired of everybody letting me down all the time.
You deserve better.
I mean..
Allyson, you're the coolest, you're the prettiest,
And if anyone doesn't appreciate that,
Thank you.
That's very sweet.
Let's get out of here.
l know a shortcut.
From a clinical perspective,
There are many ways for tragedy and violence
They can grow accustomed to always being afraid,
They can grow weak, they can grow strong.
But there's also the other side.
What other side is that?
You understand? We do this one thing.
We do one more hit, we have the cash to get started.
One fucking thing, Jimmy.
Jesus, let's fucking go.
Are we good?
Let's just get it over with.
Fucking hands in the air, motherfucker!
Open the fucking safe!
Move it! Open the goddamn safe!
This is Agent Martinez requesting immediate backup
Taking risks for what? For money.
But your kids?
That's right.
That's the right move, you putting your kids first.
I would've done the same thing.
I didn't put them first. I did this for me.
Living all these years, just thanking people.
Thanking you. Thanking some man holding the door.
Thanking a priest for his blessings.
Thanking Jimmy.
Thanking God.
And with all that, I never walked a day on the streets
Gary won't sign my petition unless I sign his.
It'll be a cold day in hell before that
Where were we?
I was just about to make my decision
I got the power suit, the corner office.
A closet doesn't get installed in this town
But one important decision,
I sing. I saw you singing
It's all about the songs.
Write what you care about, what you're afraid of.
Whatever it is, it needs to be truth.
Is that what you write about? The truth?
Brother, I write love songs, to God.
Mostly to God.
Sometimes to a girl.
I'm writing one right now for a girl, and this girl, man, she is..
So, yeah.
Write what you love, yeah? Get after it.
I've been listening to this Ginny Owens song
Yeah
has chosen something bigger for me,
But to be honest with you...
I am so scared.
But I have to believe there's a reason.
If one person's life is changed by what I go through...
it Will all be worth it.
Look, man. I should've told you.
Which means I have a lot of time to think
You're so good at it.
Ancient stories, still relevant and true.
In one story. God grants healing
Yet to another, His call is to suffer, and even die
Because each is a chapter in a bigger story.
Each is the stroke of a brush on His beautiful canvas.
Each is the light of one star helping to form a galaxy.
And I think I'm one of those lucky people
I had my miracle.
It led to the perfect day with you.
It was enough
And God is worth trusting.
Even when we can't see.
All right, you may talk in the bedroom,
All right, just this once you may close the door.
But keep in mind I'll be right out here
Oh, damn it.
Leonard, when you get this message, call me.
Priya, this is your brother.
When you get this, tell Leonard to check his voicemail.
Would you be sleeping over again this evening?
Because you're welcome to.
who I can and can't have a relationship with.
Actually, he can.
The Hindu Code of Manu is very clear in these matters.
If a woman's father is not around,
The code also states
There it is, Priya. We're Indian.
We believe this stuff.
Some of it makes sense, some of it's crazy.
My point is, you can't go out with Leonard.
Who can't go out with Leonard?
My sister.
Penny, this is Rai's sister, Priya.
It's very nice to meet you.
Oh. Then perhaps you don't understand what's going on.
Your former boyfriend has replaced you
Arguably much more suitable than you.
Oh. Well, good for him.
Hey, what do you mean, "More suitable"?
I'm doing research on emotions and brain activity.
So when you start crying,
Then I'm going to stimulate the analogous area
Cool, huh?
I choose you.
Really?
Yep. I moved out of my mother's house.
Cord is cut.I'm all yours.
What did she say when you told her?
I don't know. She hasn't responded to my email yet.
This is so great.
You got all the talent in the world and all you wanna do is mess around.
I'm told you're a man of influence,Mr. Maguire
to help bring our product into the city.
We use our contacts in the union,Pop.
Three bins a month.
and all they gotta do is make sure they pass through without inspection.
What exactly is your product?
Heroin.
Ninety-nine percent pure.
The very best in the world.
And my son told you I'd be interested in this?
Very interested.
The business has changed,Mr. Grezda.
Twenty years ago,I made a living,the same way we all did.
Couple big scores a year...
..but mostly I was a grinder.
You know what that butcher shop ts today'
An Applebee's.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I've had to adapt to the times.
I am a legitimate businessman now.
I know your business Mr. Maguire.
That's why I'm here.
You're wasting your time.
Whoa,whoa,whoa. Hey,hey. Wait! Come on,now.
Pop just listen to what he has to say.
Take the night to think it over. Once you've considered it more carefully..
you'll realize the mistake you are making
Everyone I came up with is either dead
I don't make mistakes.
It's Christmastime
Get the fuck out of my house.
Take this shit with you.
My old man. I don't even know what just happened.
We paid you to guarantee your father's support.
Let me talk to him,all right? I'll get it all figured out.
I'll be stopping by your house tonight to pick up our money.
You know what happens if you don't have it.
Fucking garbage. I hate Albanians.
What the fuck was that?
Did you even listen to what he had to say?
That's not our business,Danny.
Shut your mouth. I'm talking to my father.
What's the problem,Danny?
The problem is,all I ever hear out of your mouth..
is when am I gonna pull my weight.
And now I bring you a piece of business,a good piece of business
Yeah.
When I was younger..
somebody made me the same proposal.
I made so much money bringing cocaine into the city
The problem was,everybody got hooked on the shit.
until I couldn't recognize them anymore.
I had to kill people I loved because I couldn't trust them.
Not enough money in the world to pull me back in.
Pop, made promises to these people.
I can't just walk away.
oint Pleasant.
"70. We enlisted that fall
You were in this one with..
you know,what was that redhead's name?
Maureen Galvin
bam,she smacked her head right on that thing,knocked herself out.
You get enough to eat?
This is detention, not art class.
Concentrate.
Oi! Alex Elliot!
Wait for us. We wanna talk to you.
Where are you going? Don't run away.
What's the matter? What are you frightened of?
Go, go! Run, get him!
That fast as you can go?
We're right behind you!
Alex Elliot!
Oi! Come here! Here, boy!
Hey, Lance! I've got him.
Oi. What you running for?
You and me have got a fight to finish.
We'd better leave.
Hello? Is anybody here?
Come across the garden walls.
You've gotta see what I found.
The sword has returned.
Has returned. Returned.
The sword has been drawn.
Let the roots be my senses.
Senses.
Let the land be my eyes and ears.
Eyes and ears.
Find the one who drew it.
Find the new king.
The sword must be mine. The king must die.
The king. The new king. Find the new king.
Find the new king.
Maybe it's a prank.
A YouTube thing. A social experiment.
Maybe there were hidden cameras.
Look.
There's something written on the guard.
Put it into Google Translate.
What just happened?
Pay attention, everybody.
We have a new pupil joining the class today.
Why don't you introduce yourself?
Greetings, young academicians. My name is...
Go away.
We don't know you, and we don't want to know you.
Leave us alone!
Good people,
And this boy among you drew Excalibur.
Who will kneel at his feet and swear allegiance?
Stop it! Stop that!
But Rokas saw it with his own eyes.
Danielle said they tried to catch it for two hours,
Mortes Milles? Is that what came to get me last night?
Fallen warriors from battles of old.
Their souls enslaved by evil.
For now, they can only enter this realm after dark.
But...
when they rise, time freezes
Their spell is only broken at sunrise.
Or when every risen warrior...
is destroyed.
That's why my mum disappeared.
That's why everything went back to normal after you left.
There are three moons until the solar eclipse
Excalibur.
Who's Morgana?
She was King Arthur's half-sister.
She is greed, entitlement,
Men's hearts have grown hollow.
That's why her strength returns.
And that is why the sword has returned.
And I'm supposed to stop her?
That's ridiculous. I'm 12.
I'm not even old enough to do a paper round.
You'll have to find someone else.
It's too dangerous, we'll die.
So, there's your sword back.
It's been great to meet you, and good luck with everything.
Your quest has been decided.
There is no turning back.
You must find the entrance to the Underworld.
Defeat Morgana in her own realm
You have been chosen
Christmas Day, that was exhausting.
If I have to transform into my adult self
The path you choose must be your own.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
This is the worst and best
We need to go somewhere no one can find us.
Somewhere we can think.
See? None of this happened by accident.
This is destiny.
This was meant to be.
So they think themselves knights?
How deluded they are.
Sir Lance, Lady Kaye.
A pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Do us a favor, Mertin.
Don't talk to us. We're only here for the fights.
That's hardly the attitude of a knight, young man.
Where's your respect for the Chivalric Code?
Don't tell me you've never heard of the Chivalric Code.
Driver! Stop this coach at once!
The Code is the cornerstone of a civilized society,
If you don't know the Code, then this entire enterprise
What the hell is he on about?
Excuse me, but why are we getting off the coach?
Shortcut.
Follow me. Quickly. No slacking.
Halt!
Now, pay close attention.
The Chivalric Code is the set of rules
Break any of these rules from the moment the sword was drawn,
I trust that is not a problem.
Oi! Mini Merlin! What are you doing?
We're not walking to Cornwall!
Indeed, we are not.
And for centuries,
Was it a temple? A burial ground?
Some sort of astrological clock?
Stonehenge is a transport hub.
And just because the Romans knocked half of it down,
Uh, excuse me!
The general public's not permitted
Hey, wait! Security! Security!
Come on!
You see? They're all linked.
All the Paleolithic standing stones in the country.
Built as a magical conveyance system,
We are now on Bodmin Moor,
A simple duplication spell
What are you doing, boy?
I do magic tricks for a hobby,
So, I'm gonna video what you do and try and copy it.
I'll be most impressed if you succeed.
Now, you have an army to fight,
So, let us begin.
Your weapons are heavy and cumbersome,
Use this to your advantage.
A grown warrior cannot block
Nor can they use its weight to hasten their speed.
Use your wits.
Be brave and resolute.
It must be the Code.
But. I refrained from wanton offense.
I spoke the truth at all times.
I persevered..
"Honor those you love."
Alex.
How could you do this?
The police have been looking for you.
I've been worried sick.
Oh, thank God you're back.
Mum, I've got something to tell you.
We went on a quest to Tintagel.
I met my Aunt Sophie.
I know. She called.
I know you lied to me about the book.
I know...
he didn't even sign it.
Quickly now.
This boy has a very important announcement.
My name is Alexander Elliot.
A few days ago, I found a sword in a stone.
Then I found out it wasn't just any sword in a stone,
Excalibur.
I know, I know, I know it sounds ridiculous,
This boy, Mertin,
And if you don't believe me,
How humiliating.
Guiet. Quiet. Listen.
This country is in danger.
Then you must destroy her so that she can never return.
It won't be easy, Alex.
We can do it, Merlin.
We don't have any choice.
We have to do it.
All battalions, stand by.
This is it. Good luck.
Prepare for battle! Prepare for battle!
They're through the gates.
Wait for it. Wait for it.
Now! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go!
Amazon Expedition, day seven.
Two thousand miles from Rio.
we've reached the center of the rainforest.
We are surrounded by plants and animals...
struggling for survival
with the last remaining family living under protection.
at the Blu Bird Sanctuary in Rio de Janeiro.
We're famous!
1f these birds can be found, their home will be saved
And if there is, we will find them and protect them.
Hi, Blu!
Hi, Linda!
We're not the only ones.
All this time, I thought..
I thought we were alone.
Hey, it hasn't been all bad.
Of course not.
But just imagine if there was a whole flock of us.
How amazing would that be?
We gotta do something.
We do?
Yeah, we have to fly to the Amazon and help Linda and Tulio find them!
Whoa, we can't just pack up and go.
Why not?
It's about time this family got a little air under our wings
We're not people, we're birds.
We have to get out into the wild and be birds, Blu.
They need this. We need this.
Come on, Blu, what do you say?
T don't know
He didn't say "no."
Yeah!
We're going to the Amazon!
Wait. What's the Amazon?
The Amazon is one of Earth's most endangered ecosystems..
due to illegal logging and farming
can find these rare birds so their home can be saved
And if there is, we will find them and protect them.
That would be me. Okay, everybody can go home now.
You're looking at the next King of Carnival!
Hey, big bird! Break a leg!
Walk it off, buddy!
You can't see it coming
Eva, darling, you hit every note. Huh, guys?
Yeah, along with a bunch of notes I never heard of
Don't worry. I'll talk to them.
You catch my drift?
No, I'm not here to audition. I've got news.
I am going to the Amazon.
Yay.
The Amazon? Wow, that's wild.
I'll be in charge of this.
That's not for you.
Hey, Dad, look at this.
Did you know the Amazon has snakes that can swallow you whole?
Actually, Bia, all those stories are highly exaggerated.
No, really. Look.
That's sick!
All right, bird. Pick a fortune.
Come on, bird.
You're doing great, Nigel.
FPick it already.
Come on, gang. Almost there.
No more flying today. We've got a boat to catch.
According to my little friend here, this boat will get us there by morning.
Two million square miles of jungle..
and they're playing in my backyard?
don't think so.
As you know, my friends, this logging operation is a little.
illegal.
If those two nuts find those birds, we're out of business.
And that's why you
Find them and get rid of them.
The rest of you, go cut some trees.
For years, we have been on the run
But as you can see, we have found sanctuary.
A place we can finally put down roots.
Everyone! Come on! Everyone, out of your nests!
My daughter is home!
Come on, birds. My Jewel is back!
Jewel?
Make way. Make way! Jewel!
Aunt Mimi? Aunt Mimi!
I missed you so much!
My little wildflower has returned!
I knew you were coming back. I saw it in the droppings.
And look at the little ones!
and have the best Carnival show ever.
I am inspired!
Sorry to break it to you, city boys.
but you'll have to find some other talent.
Nobody leaves the tribe.
And no human things in the jungle. Understood?
What?: What's his problem?
I feel naked
We already are super-mega-dope, but.
You know what I'm saying?
Thank you, but we're fine.
Besides, our whole family couldn't possibly fit in your bachelor pad
Real estate must be pretty cheap around here.
Wow. This is incredible.
This old nest? It's just something I put together last minute.
With my own two wings, of course.
And my strength.
I can barely look at it. You gotta lose that human pocket, okay?
This is a fanny pack.
"Fanny pack." Adorable
I'll meet you by the clay banks.
"Joining the tribe"?
He doesn't actually think we're moving to the jungle, does he?
No. He's just excited we're all here.
Let's not ruin the moment, okay?
Besides, it won't kill you to leave behind the fanny pack.
All right, you win. I will leave the fanny pack behind.
Happy wife, happy li
Fave fun.
Yeah. Sure. Bye.
Wake up!
Eva! You got it!
What happened to "Amazon Untamed"?
Here's the plan. Auditions today...
and we preview the show tomorrow.
"We"? What you talking about, "we"? You speak French?
Come on, chop-chop. Let's get started!
Kid's been working.
Any time you're ready.
Every time I come a fella gotta get it
We are the amazing Capoeira Turtles.
We're here on our honeymoon.
We're actually just heading back to join the tour.
It's karaoke night.
Come along, honey. Moon River isn't going to sing itself.
Linda, logs aren't the only things these guys cut.
Yeah, that's actually why I'm here.
I've got a great little..
Go on
Star?
You look familiar. Don't I know you from somewhere?
Ho, I don't think so. No. I'm..
Bob. Zes. Bob, the bird.
Okay, Bob, whatever. Show us what you got.
Well, at first I was afraid
Did you think I'd crumble?
Oh, no!
Did you think I'd lay down and die?
We'll see you at the performance tomorrow night.
Everyone from the village is coming. It's gonna be off the charts.
Everyone?
It's the perfect plan.
Be happy we're only plucking you, porcupine.
Go away.
Instead of chasing that bird all over the jungle..
we let him come to us, at the Carnival show
you, my little Gabi...
you'll be my petite weapon of mass destruction.
It will be a performance...
to die for.
It only works when I do it.
Okay. Love you.
Hey, sweetie, there you are. What's taking you so long?
Enough with that GPS, really.
The whole tribe's gathering to watch the sunset. Come on.
No, no. Hang on. I just found Linda and Tulio's coordinates.
They are Just on the other side of the grove
but I'm sure if he met them, he would change his mind.
They can help keep this place safe.
Yeah, Blu...
my dad knows what he's doing
But I thought that was our plan.
Route guidance complete.
You know, maybe some places shouldn't be found.
Maybe they should just be left alone.
She ate a bug. A bug!
Calm down? We had a plan.
Help Linda and Tulio find the flock and get home.
But when I mentioned it to her, she completely shut me down.
And her father? A total nut job.
He's got this weird thing about humans!
He loves them. He's a pet!
A pet?
He called me a pet.
I can't believe he used the "P' word to my face.
It's like he thinks I'm the enemy or something.
He's not one of us, Roberto. Keep an eye on him.
And that Roberto? He is always watching.
He is always hovering around Jewel. He is always singing something
You gotta bird up, bird!
Try to see this place through her eyes.
Taste the flavors she's tasting
That's Just nasty, thinking about it.
Glitter. Where is my glitter?
I'm sorry. Sorry.
I don't want apologies. I want glitter.
Glitter is absolutely essential for a magical performance.
Do you know nothing?
Guys!
Rehearsals, big day tomorrow.
Ring a bell? Come on. You're coming, right, Dad?
Oh, yeah, of course.
That girl put the "business" in "show business."
I know, I know. Happy wife, happy life.
What a glorious morning!
I forgot I could have mornings like this.
No, no. Don't do it
Thank you.
Finally!
Brazil nuts.
This is my most important tool.
Well, well, well. What do we have here?
I guess old Eddie's rules don't apply to everyone.
I didn't know that. Sorry.
Sorry! Sorry.
You come over here, take our food.
and now you insult me?
No, no, no. This is all just a big misunderstanding.
You know, I wish I could accept your apology.
You seem like a nice bird
What? Does it have to? Can it mean something else?
I hope you don't mind.
I made myself at home.
Lollipop?
It's a shame, really. You came all this way to protect the jungle.
Jet's see if it will return the favor.
A new player is coming off the bench. Is he a secret weapon?
I think it's the water boy.
Hey, I'm open!
I'm open, toss it to me!
Hey, pass to me, I'm open. I'm wide open!
Pass the ball to me!
Thanks for the pass, Blu!
Mind if I borrow this?
Pass the ball! Pass the ball!
Blu, wait!
No, this bird's got it covered.
Goal!
It looks like the secret weapon just backfired!
Let's go to Eduardo for his reaction.
I'm gonna kill you, fanny pack!
Check it out, old Eddie
We're gonna be talking about that for a long time
Hey.
What happened back there?
I was trying to be one of the tribe.
We still got it, Blu!
I have to do everything myself.
Hey! Get away from that!
No! No one steals my scene.
Lollipop?
Yha ?
What are you doing? Let go!
Save yourself!
Come on, let go!
And no psycho-on-wheels is gonna change that.
And I'll tell you something else.
He'd better not show his face around here ever again.
What's wrong?
The last time I spoke to Orson,
Oh, sweetie.
And I should have done something.
Is that for me? Ahem.
Can I open it?
Hey, I know this trick, and if I let you open it today,
That's totally what I'm going to do.
And I am totally gonna fall for it.
What...
Didn't you wanna finish our conversation?
Another time. Just enjoy the champagne.
You had to get the girls a cat, didn't you?
Hey, that is medically verified.
Girls, show mommy how sad we'd be
Oh, how could I say "no" to such sad
Daddy, you wanna see him do a trick?
Kitty, fetch.
Now come back.
Rufus?
Hello.
Is that a gun in your pocket,
Oh, my god. It is a gun.
You've got a gun in your pocket?
Susan, don't freak out.
Why do you have a gun?
Sit down.
What does that tell ya?
I don't... I don't know if I could do that.
I don't want to die alone. Bree.
And the chemo's just kicking my ass.
I don't want to waste away in some hospital bed.
Please help me go the wayI want to.
All right.
Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. And Mrs. Delfino.
Oh, and by "help him out," he means
He does.
Do you know it's illegal to assault someone?
The guy was breaking into our neighbor's house.
I tried to get him to leave, he threw a punch,
I'm starting to think that a tie
Oh, honey.
You're not nervous about your first day back, are you?
I don't know.
I just thought I'd be more excited than I am.
Well, you're the boss.
You want excitement, shake things up.
Buy a new xerox machine
Okay.
What are you doing?
Just making sure I'm in the memory book.
You're invading every photo that Penny and I are in.
I'm her mother. Maybe you're the invader.
And we're back to this.
I spent weeks planning this party,
I'm just trying to forge a relationship with Penny.
Well, stop forging. You're not family.
You're just some woman her father is..
"Seeing."
"Well," What?
Well...
That's not all I am.
What does that mean?
You know, you should probably talk to Tom.
I have to understand it.
What is it?
I don't know, I'm still trying to understand it.
I thought you understood everything.
Of course not,
I specialise.
And what's so important about this?
What's so important about five boring murders?
Out? At this hour of the morning?
Yes, sir. Did you not know that, sir?
Where did she go? She's always out these days.
Not unlike yourself... sir.
I'm sorry..?
It's a family trait.
Oh, I wasn't being critical.
If you continue like this, sir,
Five? We thought three,
I'm still inclined to four.
As ever, you see but you do not observe.
Yes, you're right. I'm changing my bet to three years,
A bet?!
I understand your disapproval, Watson,
That's a risk you'll have to take.
You're gambling with your own life?
Why not? It's so much more exciting than gambling with others'.
Lady Carmichael's case, what is it?
Rest assured, it has features of interest.
I never really say that.
You really do.
And you've solved it already, I assume?
But the Bride, Holmes,
A dead woman walking the earth.
You amaze me, Watson.
I do?
Since when have you had any kind of imagination?
Perhaps since I convinced the reading public that
Yes, now you come to mention it, that was quite impressive.
You may, however, rest assured there are no ghosts in this world.
Save those we make for ourselves.
Sorry, what did you say?
Ghosts we make for ourselves, what do you mean?
It's a common enough condition.
I thought you were a doctor!
The whole thing was a.... bad dream.
Including the contents of the envelope you received?
Well, that's a grotesque joke.
She married you.
I assume she was capable of finding a reason.
I'll do my best to save your life tonight,
Ricoletti?
Yes. In detail, please.
I've never heard of her.
Interesting. I didn't mention she was a woman.
We'll show ourselves out. I hope to see you again in the morning.
You will not.
Then sadly I shall be solving your murder. Good day.
Well, you tried.
Will you see that Lady Carmichael receives this. Thank you.
Good afternoon.
Certainly, sir.
What was that?
Lady Carmichael will sleep alone tonight,
All the doors and windows of the house will be locked.
You think the spectre, er, Bride,
Hmm, it's difficult to say quite what he'll do.
Guilt is eating away at his soul.
Guilt? About what?
Something in his past. The orange pips were a reminder.
Not a joke?
Not at all.
Orange pips are a traditional warning of avenging death,
Sir Eustace knows this only too well,
Something to do with Emelia Ricoletti?
I presume.
We all have a past, Watson. Ghosts.
They are the shadows that define our every sunny day.
Sir Eustace knows he's a marked man.
There's something more than murder he fears.
You think so?
No. You think so. I could tell.
On the contrary, I have no view on the matter.
Yes, you have.
Marriage is not a subject upon which I dwell.
Oh, why not?
What's the matter with you this evening?
From a retired army surgeon, most certainly.
Holmes, against absolutely no opposition whatsoever,
I concede it.
I am currently attempting to have a perfectly
Please don't.
Why do you need to be alone?
What did you just say?
Sorry?
About a note, what did you just say?
I said the murderer DID leave a note.
No, they didn't.
Why do you make him tea?
I dunno, I just sort of do.
He said, "There's only one suspect," and then he just walks away
Which is strange, because he likes that bit.
Said it was so simple I could solve it.
I'm sure he was exaggerating.
I'd be offended if you didn't.
Obviously, I've returned the courtesy.
I like your rooms.
They smell so...
manly.
I'm sure you acquainted yourself with them before now.
Well, you are always away,
Tell me, does the illustrator travel with you?
Do you have to pose... during your deductions?
I'm aware of all six occasions you have visited these apartments
To distract me, derail me.
Because doesn't this remind you of another case?
Hasn't this all happened before?
There's nothing new under the sun. What was it?
What was it? What was that case?
Do you remember?
For the sake of Mrs Hudson's wallpaper, I must remind you
I'm sorry?
Dead... is the new sexy.
Well, I'll tell you what, that rather blows the cobwebs away.
How can you be alive?
How do I look?
You can be honest, is it noticeable?
You blew your own brains out, how could you survive?
Well, a somewhat shorter exile
I have to go back!
What?
I was... I was nearly there, I nearly had it!
What on earth are you talking about?
Go back where? You didn't get very far.
Ricoletti and his abominable wife! Don't you understand?!
It was a case, a famous one from 100 years ago.
Lodged in my hard drive,
What, like Moriarty?
Shot herself in the head, exactly like Moriarty.
But you've only just been told.
We've only just found out,
Yes? So? It's been five minutes since Mycroft called.
What progress have you made? What have you been doing?
More to the point, what have YOU been doing?
I've been in my Mind Palace, of course.
Of course.
Runninq an experiment. How would I have solved the crime,
Oh, Sherlock.
I had all the details perfect.
I was there, all of it, everything. I was immersed.
Do you really think anyone is believing you?
No, he can do this, I've seen it.
The Mind Palace, it's like a whole world in his head.
Yes, and I need to get back there.
The Mind Palace is a memory technique, I know what it can do
Maybe there are one or two things that I know that you don't.
Oh, there are.
Did you make a list?
You've put on weight.
That waistcoat is clearly newer than the jacket.
Stop this! Just stop it! Did you make a list?!
Of what?
Everything, Sherlock. Everything you've taken.
No, it's not that, he goes into a sort of trance.
I've seen him do it.
We have an agreement, my brother and I, ever since that day.
Wherever I find him,
I'm not an addict, I'm a user.
I alleviate boredom and
For God's sake! This could kill you!
You could die!
Controlled usage is not usually fatal
Emelia Ricoletti, I'm looking her up.
Oh, I suppose we should.
I have access to the top level of the MI5 archive.
Yep, that's where I'm looking.
What do you think of MI5 security?
I think it would be a good idea.
Emelia Ricoletti, "Unsolved",
Could you all just shut up for five minutes!
I have to go back.
I was nearly there before
"Yapping?" Sorry, did we interrupt your session?
Sherlock, listen to me.
Mr Holmes asked me.
Holmes, how could you?
No, not him, the clever one.
It seemed obvious to me
My theory is that Mrs Ricoletti had help.
Help from her friends.
Bravo, Mary. "The clever one?"
Well, you're the one who moved out.
I was talking to Mary.
You're working for Mycroft?
He likes to keep an eye on his mad sibling.
And he had a spy to hand. Has it never occurred to you
Of course it hasn't,
When did it occur to you?
Only now, I'm afraid.
Must be difficult,
Time I sped up. Enough chatter, let's concentrate.
Yes, all right. What's all this about?
What do they want to accomplish?
Why don't we go and find out.
All that remained was to substitute the real Mrs. Ricoletti
This time, should anyone attempt to identify her,
But why would she do that?
Die to prove a point?
Every great cause has martyrs.
Every war has suicide missions and make no mistake, this is war.
One half of the human race at war with the other.
The invisible army hovering at our elbow,
Not allowed so much as a vote.
But an army nonetheless,
To put right an injustice as old as humanity itself.
So you see, Watson, Mycroft was right.
This is a war we must lose.
She was dying.
Who was?
Emelia Ricoletti.
There were clear signs of consumption -
So she decided to make her death count.
Left her abandoned and penniless.
Hooper!
Holmes.
For the record, Holmes, she didn't have me fooled.
Why do you never mention me, sir?
Yes.
That would take weeks to find, if those records even exists.
Even with my resources.
Got it.
I don't get it, how is this relevant?
I need to know I was right, then I'll be sure.
You mean how Moriarty did it?
Yes.
But none of that really happened, it was in your head.
My investigation was the fantasy,
I don't know what you think you'll find here.
I need to try!
Mrs Ricoletti was buried here,
The corpse they substituted for her after the so-called suicide?
They'd move it, of course they would.
But where?
Well, not here.
But that.. that's exactly what they must have done.
The conspirators had someone on the inside.
They found a body,
You're not seriously going to do this?
It's why we came here. I need to know.
Spoken like an addict.
This is important to me!
No, this is you needing a fix.
John...
Moriarty's back.
We have a case, we have a real-life problem right now.
Getting to that, it's next on the list.
Just let me do this.
No, everyone always lets you do whatever you want.
That's how you got in this state!
John, please..
I'm not playing this time, Sherlock. Not any more!
When you're ready to go to work, give me a call.
I'm taking Mary home.
You're what?
No...
More than likely.
At any rate, it was a very long time ago.
We do have slightly more pressing matters to hand, little brother.
Moriarty? Back from the dead?
Look at that guy in the chute.
Fans, we're gonna go now to the Ridin' Dirty bucking chute..
where we have got local hero Luke Collins
Go, uke!
He's a three-time PBR World Finals champion.
For over a year, an injury has sidelined him.
But he's back
He has a long way to go.
You ready for this?
We'll see.
And today, he will be riding Sweet Thang
Yeah, go!
Hey, buddy. I'll be right back.
Hey, Larry.
Good to see you. Good to see you here.
Luke, hey, man. How are you doing?
Congratulations, man.
I know it feels good to get a win under your belt, doesn't it?
Sure does. Yeah.
Let me ask you. You need to come visit us.
I wanna introduce you to some good folks from PBR.
Important folk. Come get a beer.
You got it. I'll be right behind you.
Yes. Okay.
Hey, um...
You had a good night.
But it's a long way back to the top.
I got a hat just like that.
Yeah. Sorry.
No, you hold on to it. Looks better on you.
Like this?
May I?
Sophia.
Nice to meet you, Sophia.
I'm gonna.. Can I... Can I get you a drink?
You were the big winner tonight, right?
I think I should be the one buying you a beer.
Oh, no. Doesn't work like that where I'm from.
Okay.
You're buying
Hi! Whoa. There you are.
I've been looking all over for you.
Um, this is Marcia. She's my..
before she comes by.
You really should eat something
Ts that what Ruth would want?
How do you know about Ruth?
Did you read my letters?
What do you care?
But yet, with my most important student.
I am a total failure.
Ruth has fallen in love with contemporary art.
Father thinks that art stopped with Matisse and Picasso.
I don't think it stopped. But it's taken a long nap.
You try and raise your children right, Ira...
and they grow up and think for themselves.
Very good. Very good.
It's tragedy!
It was nice seeing you talk like that.
Nothing would make me happier than a lifetime of days like this.
Hey, Ruth. I need to ask you something.
I want a big family. A really big family.
I've always wanted one since I was a little girl.
With everything that's going on now..
I feel this need, this responsibility,
Sounds perfect.
You can ask me now
Don't know the last thing about art.
I want to marry you.
If you marry me, you may never have a family.
Are you honestly willing to give that up?
The war was over.
and as far as I was concerned
We're closed!
I know what you're doing!
You cannot tell me what I'm willing to give up!
When you went to war...
I was here, clinging to the hope..
that you would come home and we would get married.
Yes, and have kids. But that's a dream, Ira.
Zoul're real
Unless you don't love me anymore.
And in that moment
a chance at life together
It was really nice of you to bring that photo.
He sure has been through a lot.
Well, you take it easy.
ILulke.
It was really good to see you.
What are you doing right now?
That looks good.
No, they didn't adjust anything
Everyone was always screaming in weird languages.
I brought smelly, strange snacks to school.
My pants were too short always.
Pants still are too short.
Growing up on a cattle ranch, everybody I knew was the same.
Everybody you know is fourth generation cattle ranchers.
I'm jealous.
Why?
I wanted to be like everyone else when I was little
You're not so bad yourself.
I think before I met you, the closest thing I came to cattle was
From one happy day to the next.
You said you love the house, right?
We began the process of creating a life together.
Doesn't look like anyone's home.
No, I don't think you should go in.
They say all bull riders are either stupid or crazy.
Yeah, and which one are you?
I don't know. I guess a little of both.
What are you doing?
This is a new painting by an artist that Adrienne Francis represents.
I know you have finals and other commitments.
I'd love to. This is the most important thing to me.
Oh! Uh, Luke, hi.
This is Adrienne Francis
Nice to meet you, Ms. Francis.
Nice to meet you, Luke.
Are you in college with Sophia?
No, never made it to college.
Luke's a professional bull rider.
Are you an art lover, like Sophia?
No, I can't say that I am.
What did you think of tonight?
Honestly?
Of course.
think there's more bullshit here than where I work
It was a joke.
You know how hard I have just tried to fit into your world.
Why can't you try to fit into mine?
I do!
It was a joke, okay? She thought it was funny.
She laughed. You don't know that.
What if she was just trying to be polite?
Does this make sense?
Whac?
How are we gonna make this work, huh?
Do you really see yourself living on a ranch?
Working a ranch the rest of your life?
And what am I gonna do?
Move to Manhattan?
Go out with your artist friends? Go to brunch?
Because they're his legal guardians.
There's nothing we can do.
Did you speak to the lawyer?
I did, and that's what he said
They're his next of kin and they're proud people
There must be something more we can do.
We better go.
You be good. Okay, pal?
Okay.
Maybe I'll raise chickens..
or work at the factory.
If that's what you want.
You can be anything you want, Daniel McDonald.
Anything at all. A farmer, a lawyer, an astronomer.
You're a very clever boy.
Come on. We wouldn't have had a chance!
And who knows what they would've done to Daniel.
We are a family.
Ruth, you are my family.
I wanted kids too, you know.
We never saw Daniel again.
Oh, my God.
Oh, shit.
Luke Collins is trying to come around.
The bull fighter's taking the bull away in the other direction.
I think he's gonna be okay. He's trying to get up. He is!
Let me get him something to make him feel a little bit better.
92 points!
264 on three bulls!
Luke Collins is your clear-cut winner.
Te's awesome.
Number nine spot in the world.
You impressed Adrienne, you'll impress her team.
Okay. Gotta go.
This is what you've always wanted!
I know!
Bye! See you on Monday.
Hey, babe. I'm walking to the taxi right now.
Sophia, it's Luiz.
Hi, Luiz. Something's happened to Luke.
Hi, can I help you?
Um, I need to see my boyfriend, Luke Collins.
I'm sorry. Only family can visit.
Okay. Can I at least know how he is?
His condition is stable, but he's getting an MIRI.
He took a pretty hard fall.
If you wanna take a seat, I'll check with the doctor.
I'll let you know.
Thank you.
So, are you light-headed, dizzy?
Nausea?
I'd like you to stay overnight for observation.
Sweetie. What are you doing here?
I came as soon as I heard
No, no.
should be here.
Thank God you're okay.
I understand you can't meet the team this weekend, 9iven the circumstance,
Yeah, me, too.
I don't know when I'm gonna be able to come to New York.
Oh, really?
Wait a minute. You're not rethinking the internship, are you?
Look, Sophia.
I think you have a bright future ahead of you.
but you're going to have to figure out for yourself what that's going to be.
Now, I love you with everything inside of me.
I think you should go.
I love you so much, I just want you to be happy.
Even if that happiness no longer includes me.
Love requires sacrifice.
Always.
And from that day on, Sophia,
We focused on celebrating all the wonderful things we had
even though I saw her every day.
Ruthie
But, of course, not nearly enough.
The paintings Ruth and I had collected
So I packed them away.
Can I help you?
My name is Andrea McDonald
Damiel McDonald
A brain aneurysm.
That was six years ago.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
Thank you.
A professor.
Physics and astronomy at the University College London.
Astronomy.
I moved back to the States a few years ago.
When I saw your wife's obituary in the paper.
I knew I had to bring you this.
It meant a lot to him.
You did everything you could with Luke, Sophia.
Where are you gonna live?
If we don't have this place, where are you gonna go?
Do you honestly think I give a damn?
You're doing this for yourself.
It's eight seconds.
That's all it is.
That girl could be the rest of your life
Uh, yes. This is she.
My name is Howie Sanders. I'm the attorney for Ira Levinson.
I've been trying to reach you.
Uh, yeah. What is it? Is he okay?
I'm sorry, Ms. Danko.
He passed away late last night.
It is time for you to reach in and pull out your bull.
for this championship round.
et's see what it will be.
Luke, you will have the number-one contender..
for this year's World Champion Bucking Bull..
this is the number-one-ranked bucking bull in the world!
He is doing one of the most difficult things in sports..
and that is mounting a comeback.
Yeah, but Juke Collins, he is on PBP fire!
Whoa! Whoa! Vhoa!
You got it! Keep riding!
We have just seen David slay Goliath!
Hey, Luke, you made the eight on Rango.
I knew you were a cow boy.
One hell of a ride, son, I tell you!
Luke, we gotta get together now and talk some business.
Luke? Luke, where you going?
The Levinson artwork is the largest
Not only are these pieces sourced from local Black Mountain College..
but the world
such as Andy Warhol, Pat Passlof, and Willem de Xooning
and incredibly diverse, as you already know.
Never been seen in one place like this before.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen
If everyone could take their seats, please.
I know we are all eager to get started.
Before we begin, a personal note.
I was Ruth and Ira Levinson's attorney...
for more than 25 years.
Now, Ira's will is very detailed...
Now, Tra's will is very detailed
So, let me start by reading you a letter he wrote...
specifically for the occasion.
"My name is Ira Levinson."
My beloved Ruth.
The happiness these paintings brought her was immeasurable.
And sharing that happiness...
was the great privilege of my life.
We celebrated, we achieved
And above all
Composed by American Daniel McDonald
We'll start the bidding at $1,000 for Portrait of Ruth.
Do I hear $1,000?
Who has $1,000 for me?
How about $800? Who can give me $800?
Just $600, folks.
What?
That car down there has moved so much.
Like it was built in a factory, you know, on a production line.
And then it was like shipped, like, here.
And like, then this guy drove it all over the place.
Yeah, exactly.
But all that time, like for years,
Yeah?
Okay, so this car is always going.
And that tree is always just, like, stopping. You know?
Like, it's just been stopping there for years
Like, destroying this beautiful.
Like, really beautiful and fast-moving thing.
Why? Why are you crying?
You were made a temporary supervisor because you kissed the right asses.
Because I'm the right man for the job.
According to who? Daffy Duck?
Daffy Duck
I guess I'm doing something right because I've had the job for about two years.
Yeah, it should have been two months.
You're supposed to protect these assets. Not kill them!
Victoria, we're clearing the portfolio.
What?
Mike Howell keeps trying to leave town.
Ee needs to be eliminated.
You're going to kill him for trying to leave town?
That's a security breach. I'm just doing my job.
He's a human being.
They're government property.
Are you actually fucking insane?
Language.
Listen to me, King Idiot!
If you think I'm just going to sit back
Nah, that's okay. Iit's 8: 5 in the morning, Rose.
Thank you, Nancy. Thank you, Mike.
Bye.
Chariot FProgressive. Listen.
Momg elbrot set is in motion.
Echo Choir has been breached.
We are fielding the ball.
Chariot Progressive. Chariot Progressive.
Listen, Mike. You're not listening
Chariot Progressive is in motion.
Motion...
Motion
You just killed two guys?
They were trying to, like, stab me, Phoebe.
Why are people trying to stab you?
I don't know!
I don't know, but I am.
I am, like, freaking out all over the place.
Babe, I have, like, a lot of anxiety about this.
Get your hands in the air.
Fuck me! Zup.
God, it's Mike.
What do you mean, two casualties?
We lost two assets attempting to neutralize Wiseman-designate Howell.
How is that possible?
He was armed with a spoon, sir.
A fucking spoon? What?
We're not sure yet, the exact nature of the confrontation..
He's been fucking activated! Do you not see that?
Your lungs aren't in your neck, they're in your chest.
I know that, Phoebe.
No, I don't know that. No, 1 do.
Phoebe. It doesn't even make any sense to me.
Okay. Okay. So you said something about a lady.
Yeah.
What did she say to you?
Okay, so she said...
I don't know what she said. Like, some bullshit. Like....
So maybe just try and remember and focus and put it together.
Okay, I will.
What did the lady say?
Okay.
You're his girlfriend. You're his mom.
You're his maid. You're his landlady.
Now you're his lawyer?
It was just a thing.
It was just a thing that happened.
You want to get high right now, Mike?
No, I don't want to get... No.
Rose has like guns and shit, okay.
He can helo us hide out and I'm still in handcuff.
Okay, you are not in any position to be making the plan right now.
Really? Well, who is, all right?
The cops are all dead. The guy in the thing,
Like, and if someone who's trying to kill you, goes, "Wait.."
Please just don't yell at me, okay?
No. I'm just starting to freak out.
No. I know you are.
I just think that maybe we need to figure out what the fuck we're doing
We made it out of there. Okay?
And nothing else is going to happen, I promise.
Let's just get in my car
don' understand
Why would you.. I should not be talking.
Listen to me. I need a weapon.
Oh, my God. There's an empty field.
I'm going to send you coordinates for the drop.
You are not a robot.
Yeah, but how do you know?
I have the weirdest thoughts in my head right now.
I know. I know, babe.
Do you know what a M1 Abrams is?
It's a type of tank.
I could list like 50 types of tanks right now.
What the fuck you doing here, man?
Can we come over?
Yo, yo, yo... Get inside!
Get inside right now, man!
Shit crazy tonight.
I ain't tryin' to die from no monkey disease. Come on, get inside!
What happened to you? I heard you were XIA.
We recovered him from the sheriff station 30 minutes ago.
But you saw him, right? Howell?
He took my teeth.
But I got 'em back.
I don't know, but things are, like, pretty dangerous right now.
Yeah, so why do you come to my house, Mike?
Why don't you go to your house?
Crazy is as crazy does and you dragged crazy here.
And I con't even know what that does or what that is.
You see what I'm saying?
I don't know, Pose.
We just thought it would be, like, safer here.
Safer from what?
Wait, why do you think it's dangerous?
Yeah?
Like I said to you before because of the.
The what?
The monkeys. The monkeys!
And, yo, Mike, what you gonna be safer from, Mike?
What you gonna be safer from?
Well that don't make me feel better, man, nobody tell you shit.
So hurtful.
Sorry, man, sorry. But it's all about conspiracies tonight.
Sorry, can I just ask about the monkeys?
And the gas masks? What.
You ain't heard? Town's under government wildfire.
Outer-space shit,
I'm sorry?
You ain't seen?
Fuckin' look at the TV, man
Look at that shit, right there!
The CDC has said a breakout of what is being described
The bridge into town has been blocked with access in or out of the town....
sources believe the beginning of the outbreak..
That's not real. That can't.
traced back to these two individuals.
We are escaping.
Phoebe. No, Phoebe, stop.
I really don't think we should do this, okay?
I think we should just wait here.
Rose is like a really good guy, he'll come around.
You'll see. He's just a sensitive and complex man.
not going to sit around
I'm just going to scoot a little bit further and see if I can get into the other room.
Just give me one second.
This is not the right moment.
What do you mean, Quinzin, I can't be in your league?
I know football. Dang.
It's too late, man.
Too late? It's never too late.
Shit!
What?
Babe, come here. Hey, honey?
Mike. . Come here. Come here.
Hey, wake up! Wake up! Come on, come on.
You have to stay awake, all right?
Hey, that Riofloxin shit, it's going to make you really tired!
This is going to help a little bit.
Only if you stay awake for me, okay?
I feel sleepy.
Don't sleep! Don't sleep!
Baby, if you sleep you die. Okay?
If you sleep you die, Mike. That's how this shit works.
Your boyfriend isn't real.
We made him.
I'm so sorry, that some lab-rat made you cum a bunch of times
TWell, I guess it all worked out.
Because ook where I am now.
In charge of a major operation.
And look where you are.
But it was driving you insane.
It was driving everybody insane.
The risks weren't worth the rewards.
So I shut it down,
A fresh start here.
Yeah.
So you erased my memories.
And you fucked with my head.
And you left me here with a fake girlfriend.
Well, tell that to the guys who are trying to kill me.
Who the fuck are those people?
Hey. You're the lady from TV!
Hey.
You fuck monkeys!
What?
Mike, where are you going?
Sir, asset Howell is still alive.
He and Agent Lasseter were spotted at the gas station near Chestnut Street.
Shit!
Hello?
Hola, Petey.
I need a drone in the sky in less than an hour.
Call me when it's entering my air-space.
Mike, I can't believe you're going back to your house.
I'm going inside and I'm going to sleep.
He could have snipers taking aim at us right now.
Really? Then shoot me, please!
So what? Why are you still here?
Yes, sir.
You're absolutely right, sir.
Thanks to Lasseter activating asset Howell, seven American citizens are now dead
This is an operation that you created and spearheaded
Yes, sir, but you have to understand,
Excuse me?
Did I make some mistakes
Did I make some mistakes?
Excuse me? Did I make some mistakes?
You know, I did.
Did I take some shortcuts? Sure.
But in the end, I was just doing what I needed to do
And if I'd pulled it off, you'd be thanking me. Right?
Come on, you'd be fucking thanking me, right?
Um, this is my favorite pen, so I want it back. Borrowed.
And all of it's blue, so you're covered.
Now see if we were George and owen,
Dude.
Unidentified male, dragged by a bus.
The bus was gonna hit me. He threw me out of the way.
Grey, get her out of here
He's all alone
All right, stand over there and just don't move.
He's back. Okay, let's get a trauma series
Whoa. Okay, his skull is bashed in
Start antibiotics and start cleaning out those wounds.
Now can you get her out of here?
Did you get the whole thing?
Did you get the whole tumor out
Can you tell me your name?
All right. Let's get his head rotated. Easy.
Welcome back, sir.
You had us worried there for a minute.
You think he's gonna make it?
I hope so.
He really has to make it.
Dr. Sloan.
There's gonna be too much tension.
Start over and do a layered closure.
Can I ask a question about that?
Okay. You brought up moving in together
And now you're embarrassed
I..I'm happy to share it. Can we just skip this part?
Sir, I know its tough,
'cause you look pretty dour for someone
Stop George from what?
He joined the army. Yes, Im in.
Bailey. I'm talking to you.
Why are you trying to stop him?
Because he joined the army.
And?
And because he's my ex-husband
But why would you want to stop him?
Because he joined the army.
Don't you think that's a problem?
I think that's awesome.
Awesome?
You gonna chew?
What? Polite company might call it intervention
What, he's got a drinking problem now?
He joined the army
He's that guy who gets killed cleaning his own gun.
Grey is going to coax him back as a loving friend.
You are going to use logic and reason
Stevens will make sad cancer eyes.
And if all of that doesn't work, Karev, you're gonna pull out
Sloan you should still have time to work on the arm
Do you think he has a shot?
I've seen people come back from worse
I'm on my way Have you talked to Bailey
No. I talked to Bailey about the army thing and George.
Are you upset with me?
No, I'm awesome.
You said it was awesome
Is joining the army to go to Iraq
No, it is not awesome. God! Who are you?
How's the arm?
The nerves are still intact.
Just shut the hell up.
Please. Shut up.
"Shepherd got your whole tumor out."
Alex, why didn't you tell me? Oh, my god
You remember what time you woke up this morning?
Um, not exactly.
What?
Yeah, he's gonna be a trauma surgeon in iraq.
When'd you wake up?
7:45. He's gonna get killed.
Yeah, we're dealing with it.
Did you know about this George thing
I'm just gonna take some more blood
When'd you wake up?
Um, early. I can't quite remember. I...
Look, she just had brain surgery
She needs rest.
She needs to exercise whatever memory she's got left
Well, she's not gonna heal
Butt out, Yang.
No, she's my patient. I don't care if you're her husband.
Look, she you want to see how fast I can get your visiting hours
I m gonna have nelson take care of it.
No, really?
Yeah. Well, I'd prefer to do it myself
Maybe we can go do that first and then go get married after?
No, we can't
I'll have nelson do it.
You know what? Tell them to prep him.
We'll run to city hall, we'll come back. And we'll do it then.
Meredith..
No, you know, let's go. We gotta go
There is no other day. Every day is like this.
Every day there's a crisis. There's no time.
Meredith..
I love you, and I do want to marry you today,
You have a piece of paper?
For what?
I want to be with you forever,
And in order to do that, we need to make vows,
Give me a piece of paper.
I don't.
Another bombing in the U.F.B.
Passenger train.
Goddamn Resistance.
I'm going to have to catch the 6:30 departure.
They're calling all emergency personnel to go up top.
I got to go.
We'll pick this up tonight, okay?
Try and get a little sleep.
Sleep scares me.
Well, dream of me.
But not in these pants.
The bomb went off just moments after the commuters boarded.
We are being told rescue teams are still searching for survivors.
The death toll is at 144 and still rising.
of Britain in as many months.
And all signs point to terrorist leader Matthias
The U. F.B. exploits us.
The workers of The Colony deserve equality.
Chancellor Cohaagen pointed to this as proof
And with overpopulation figures in the U. F.B. continuing to rise,
You'll recall the last attack occurred six weeks ago.
Federal police have since attributed that bombing to this man, Carl Hauser,
No word yet as to whether Hauser had a role in this morning's incident.
Going somewhere? No?
Well, don't let that stop you.
That fantasy that remains forever out of reach?
Not anymore.
At Rekall, we'll provide you
We can remember it for you.
All passengers, please report to your designated gates.
This is the final boarding call for the 7:15 departure.
Wake up to the truth!
Cohaagen is counting on your complacency.
Don't let them ship you across the Earth like cattle.
Matthias speaks the truth!
Have a nice day.
Despite recent talks between Chancellor Cohaagen and The Colony's governor,
As much as I want to focus our efforts on cleaning up The Colony,
The protection of our citizens will always come first.
Approaching core.
Please prepare for gravity reversal.
Security elevated to level three. Please remain in scanners until cleared.
Looks like that bomb set off a hell of a panic up here.
ready to present to the security officer
All factory personnel must enter through security gate 12.
Hey, what do you know about Rekall?
That mind
Yeah.
Do yourself a favor, Doug, stay away from them.
Why is that?
Remember Travis from shift three?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
You never thought about it, just a little bit?
I don't need to think about it.
Don't mess with your mind, man.
It ain't worth it.
All right, all right, listen up.
Maybe I need my mind messed with.
We're starting double shifts again.
Don't blame me.
Fuck me.
I don't want to be here any longer than you do, okay?
thanks to that shit this morning, so...
So take all your complaints to Chancellor Cohaagen.
Now, which one of you fine, upstanding assholes wants to train the new guy?
Come on.
Don't look at me.
I trained the last guy you fired.
Six weeks ago, I didn't even know you.
What are you talking about?
It's true.
Your memory was erased, your mind was implanted
You keeping up, baby?
There is no Douglas Quaid, there never was.
Are you saying I don't...
This..
What can I say? I give good wife.
Deep down, did you really believe
If I'm not me, then who the hell am I?
How would I know?
I just work here.
We can remember it for you.
Quaid must've known we'd be tracking it.
How the hell would he have known that?
Oh, shit.
He made you look like a fool.
He'd had major tactical training, sir.
I wasn't made aware of that.
How the hell did he get activated?
An agent in place told me he'd gone to Rekall.
been blown before they could get to him.
I'm 15 minutes behind him.
If you're watching this, it means I failed to escape.
It means, it means they succeeded in giving you
Anything you think you know about your life,
You have to believe me.
The most important thing for you to do now,
Get to my apartment!
Just think of it. In a few hours,
Loyal
Ruthless.
Now, what to do with you?
I think we keep her.
Leave her out of this. I'm in the fucking chair!
I think the world will be very interested
president of the Octan Corporation and the world.
Let's take extra care to follow the instructions, or you'll be put to sleep.
And don't forget Taco Tuesday's coming next week!
That's the day every rule-following citizen gets a free taco and my love!
Have a great day, everybody!
You have a great day too, President Business.
Man, he's such a cool guy. I always wanna hear more of what
Is share a meal with the special people in my life.
Fred, Barry, Gail, me and yoL?
Ah! No, wait, guys!
Wait up! Okay, I'll meet you there.
Oh. Where did it go?
Oh, there you are.
Hey, pal, I hate to tell you this...
but, uh, I don't think you're supposed to be here.
Yeah, the rules specifically state.
work site closes at 6, it's a hard-hat area only.
That's not official safety orange.
"Tf you see anything weird, report it immediately."
You're gonna melt me? Am I gonna die?
Xoul'll live. Youl'll be fine.
President Business. I have him right here, sir.
Yes, we've told him he'll live so he doesn't try to escape, but, um...
we're lying to him.
Wait, what did he just say?
Eold still.
Wait! There's obviously been a mix-up here. You've got the wrong.
That is gonna start hurting
No, no, no!
Whoa. Who are you?
It's you?
Come with me if you wanna not die.
This is so weir.. Ow!
You're not The Special! You lied to me!
It really kind of depends on...
You're not even a MasterBuilder, are you?
Uh, I mean, I know what a MasterBuilder is.
Why don't you tell me what it is? That way I could see if you're right.
You've ruined the prophecy.
Look, I'm sorry, okay? You just.
You made being special sound so good.
And to think I was going to follow you to the end of the universe.
We just don't know it yet.
Quiet.
Y'all want a giant turkey leg?
Do you have any idea what that does to your colon?
Oh, my G
and this. And this. And this.
Hey, uh, listen. You think you can explain why I'm dressed like this..
and what those big words in the sky were all about?
And, like, where we are in time.
Your home, Bricksburg, is one of many realms in the universe.
There's also this ome
a bunch of others we don't need to mention.
I think I got it
tell me the whole thing again. I wasn't listening
And he stole the mysterious..
secret super weapon called.... The Kragle!
And he hired Bad Cop.
to hunt down all the MasterBuilders, who were always changing everything
And we search for the Piece of Resistance.
The only thing that can stop the Kragle.
Kragle. I know that.
It might have been that cop. He said something about the Kragle
to end the world in three days.
I can't make any sense of it.
Taco Tuesday.
I knew that was suspicious. There's no time to lose.
Well, um..
No, but thank you.
We've done some great work over the years together, Bad Cop.
capturing all those MasterBuilders...
and torturing them and whatnot.
Thank you, sir.
Although
The one thing that can ruin my plans.
The one thing that I asked you to take care of.
That's super frustrating
is standing closest to me.
and throw them through this window.
and out into the infinite abyss of nothingness!
I wanna Go it so bad.
I know you do, sir. Please don't.
And it's not just you, Bad Cop, that keeps messing up my plans.
so that everyone will stop messing with my stuff!
Are you gonna be with me.
or are you gonna be stuck
SCon?
Sorry, Dad.
I have a job to do.
All you have to do is blend in and act like you belong here.
Ah, perfect.
Well, hi there, I'm a cowboy!
Bang, bang, bang-bang-bang-bang!
Shoot, shoot, shoot. Bullet, bullet, gun.
Zap, zap, zap, pow. Zap, pow.
What are they looking at?
I made a mistake.
You should just be still. Act like a stool.
a bunch of my friends over to watch TY..
Not unlike this TV that Just showed up magically.
And not everybody can fit on my one couch..
and I thought to myself:
but as a couch?
Introducing the double-decker couch.
So everyone could watch TY together and be buddies!
That is literally the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
That idea is just the worst.
There must be something around here..
that proves his potential.
If The Man Urpstairs chose him to be The Special
Who's The Man Upstairs? See?
He doesn't even know about The Man Upstairs.
Does he have, like, super-gross hands..
that look like they're made out of big pink sausages?
Like eagle talons mixed with squid?
Wait. You've seen the. ?
Whoa!
That's what I was just thinking about.
I had this weird dream when I touched the Piece.
Well, I mean, I wasn't asleep, so it wasn't really a dream.
Emmet, you had a vision.
I did
training themselves to clear their minds enough..
to have even a fleeting glimpse of The Man Upstairs..
that there is nothing in it to clear away in the first place.
With proper training
I could?
The prophecy chose you, Emmet.
But I can't do any of the stuff.
that the prophecy says I'm supposed to do.
All you have to do is to believe.
Then.
you will see everything
Yes, I am.
I think
Do you think Zeppelins are a bad investment?
Any of you fellas seen this guy?
Wait a minute, partner.
Draw a cowboy hat on him.
These mechanical birds will get our message out.
A wondrous land
torture weapons, poverty, leeches, illiteracy.
and, um...
Dragon!
Yeah, that too.
Once we arrive at Cloud Cuckooland, we'll raise an army
Anyway, you guys gotta check out these new subwoofers I installed.
I call them the dogs. Listen to them bark!
Can you turn that down a little bit?
Friends, welcome to Cloud Cuckooland. Now.
I just need to give the secret knock.
Okay.
I'm just gonna come right out.
I have no idea what's going on, or what this place is at all
Here in Cloud Curckxooland
Oh, and this is the Piece of Resistance.
Thank you.
Well, uh, I know that I, for one..
am very excited to work with you guys...
to get into the Octan Tower, find the Kragle...
and put this thing on the thing.
And I know it's going to be really hard, but.
"Really hard"
This be impossible.
with this useless hunk of garbage ye see before ye.
So if ye think it'd be a good idea to return.
to that forsaken place...
Special.
what idea have ye that be better...
chan the ideas of 100.
of our fallen Master Blilder brothers
Well, technically I'm not exactly a MasterBuilder yet.
I may not be a Master Builder.
I may not have a lot of experience.
fighting or leading or coming up with plans.
Or having ideas in general.
In fact, I'm not all that smart.
And I'm not what you'd call a "creative type."
generally unskilled.
Also.
scared and cowardly.
I know what you're thinking:
in the world to lead us."
This is supposed to make us feel better?
No, there was about to be a "but."
I be leaving this lost cause!
Why are you leaving?
A house divided against itself would be better
Abralam Iincoln!
You bring your space chair right back here!
Come on, guys!
We can still do this. Right?
You're not even a bit special.
Well, you were right about him being a ding-dong.
You're a huge disappointment.
Get him out of here. I don' wanna look at him
I was wrong
Ruh-roh. It's the bad guys.
Whoa. How did he. ?
Go! Run! Come on, everyone! Protect The Special.
If anybody has black parts, I need them, okay?
I only work in black.
And sometimes, very, very dark gray.
Use the yellow bricks!
Hey, guys, can I help?
We have got to find that Piece.
Let's get these prisoners back to Lord Business
The Special is no more.
Hello, everybody!
Superman. Wonder Woman, I had no idea you'd be here.
Mr. Shacuille O'Neal
Welcome to my Think Tank.
Help us!
I don't mean to spoil the party, but does anyone else notice...
we're stuck in the middle of the ocean on this couch?
I mean, it's not like a big gigantic ship.
is gonna come out of nowhere and save us.
My gosh!
Well, it's kind of hard not to hear when you're yelling everything.
So why did you come back?
This be-doubled land couch.
I watched Lord Business' forces completely overlook it.
Which means we need more ideas like it!
Oh, thank you.
Marry a marshmallow.
Why, this:
No! It's follow the instructions.
Don't like that. Sounds weird
Guys, you're all so talented and imaginative.
But you can't work together as a team.
I'm just a construction worker.
But when I had a plan and we were all working together.
I mean, we could build a skyscraper.
Now, you're MasterBuilders.
Just imagine what could happen if you did that.
Somebody get me some markers..
some construction paper...
and some glitter glue!
1 call this
put the Fiece of Resistance on the Kragle..
and save the world.'
If we can just get in, I know where the air ducts and wiring are located.
I can get us anywhere.
How will we get inside?
In a spaceship.
Spaceship! Ha, ha!
Great idea. A Bat
No, they're expecting us to show up...
in a Bat-Spaceship, or a pirate spaceship or a rainbow-sparkle spaceship.
One of those sounds awesome to me
that's exactly like all the other Octan delivery spaceships.
So not the special spaceship that I'm building for all of you right now?
Sorry, Benny. Maybe next time.
Ooh, you're really letting the oxygen out of my tank here.
Yeah, but according to your precious instructions.
We don't have that part.
Maybe we could find one!
What do you think, a spaceship is just gonna appear out of the blue?
Are you kidding me?
The same thing!
Captain Solo, we must go.
You know how perturbed I get if we are not punctual.
The Droid's right. Let's roll.
Now hold on, Han.
This might be the right galaxy after all
Ooh, whoa, I have a boyfriend. And it is super serious. Right, babe?
Of course it's serious.
Yeah!
Got room for Just one dude?
Whoa! Babe!
If he's a cool dude like you.
You're trying to bail on us!
No way.
Babe! I knew it! I knew that.
You really had me there!
Those guys were so lame. All they did was play space checkers.
Plus, it turns out the hairy one's a dude.
And the metal one too. All dudes
We pilot the ship to the service entrance..
so we can get past the dangerous.
but also kind of cool
Space ID.
I have a drive-on.
Who are you here to see?
'm here to see Zour Dutt.
Is that last name "Butt," first name "Your," or is it.?
Oh, my gosh!
First try!
Step three: We break into Lord Business' office...
and we'll plunder his collection of relics for disguises.
Step four:
Motion sensors triggered in Sector 12.
We'll never help.
Whatever you say, boss
place the thing on the other thing..
and save the universe.
Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hey, I didn't draw that. Is that me exploding?
Uh, I didn't mention that earlier?
When you reunite the Piece with the Kragle, it might explode?
No! But it might not, right?
Sure, sure, sure. Let's go with that.
Attention, everybody! Incoming speaker delivery!
Who are you two?
I see you've accidentally wandered into my Think Tank.
And by the way, I found a few of your friends.
By which I mean all of them! Sorry!
Acceptable work, Bad Cop.
Thank you, sir.
Robots, destroy this old man at once.
Did you just call me "old"?
My sweet Emmet. Come closer.
You must know something about the prophecy.
I know, I'm doing my best
The prophecy.
I made it up.
Now you're talking!
Uh.. Ahem. Hey, everybody.
You don't know me, but I'm on TV, so you can trust me.
I know things seem kind of bad right now.
But there is a way out of this.
This is Emmet.
And he was just like all of you.
A face in the crowd
He was so good at fitting in, no one ever saw him.
And I owe you an apology...
because I used to look down on people like that.
with no ideas or vision."
And even though they seemed weird
they actually came closer...
than anyone else to saving the universe.
And now we have to finish what he started
He's not just a construction worker, Dad. He's the hero.
Nope, he's not.
He is a ordinary, regular..
generic construction worker...
and I need to put him back where he belongs.
Hey, mom, can we put this stuff somewhere else?
It's cluttering up my room.
What is it?
Oh, just some mementos of mine.
A few of your dad's.
Oh, Zima!
Yeah.
What's Zima?
Just a party in a bottle.
Man, that reminds me of some wild times.
It was a very nice car.
Listen, I am done. Stop snooping. I'm going.
The seats folded all the way back.
Oh, images.
I can't believe they kept it.
I have a name.
The answering machine.
You know, we could have some fun with this.
I'm home!
Hi, mom.
Manny, what are you doing sitting in front of a pickle?
Jay says I can't leave until I taste it.
Why do you torture him like this?
Ah! Surprise, surprise!
What is wrong with you two?
Check it out.
What is that? That is a gift for you.
Meet Morrissey the rescue dog,
That dog's Chief Vick's. He was.
He kept biting her daughter.
Affection gnawing is what the vet called it.
He called it rabies, Shawn.
Either way, the Chief, Gus, and I have come
She set him loose in my office
Then you called us to come down here
That dog is eating my foot.
Morrissey! Stop it.
It's a Band-Aid, but okay for now.
I'm terribly sorry, Dolores.
What I meant to say was, my name is Shawn Spencer
Accepted. Hello.
Could you fellas take a little walk with me?
Hmm.
Lassie, is that what I think it is?
Guys, I love animals, but I'm sure you know
We do, but let me just say, although the dog
Two what?
We had hoped that this visit alone would
He's a tough man with the thick skin
I know, and you're right, um...
Hello.
How did either of you reach adulthood?
Don't worry, you will too as long as you keep
Okay, I am not a child. What do you want?
Isn't it obvious? We want love.
And companionship.
And the end of the ivory trade.
But most importantly, we wanna know what you think
Well, I am a legit entrepreneur
Oh, those are for cats.
I see.
Okay, I'm gonna be honest with you guys.
I am in a real Dickens of a stare down
All right, here's the nutshell.
Body was never found until now, I guess.
Luka, no. No, sweetie.
Butterfly's baby is playing with a spleen again.
I should go.
Yeah, you should.
Well, this great.
There's no ghost. It's open and shut.
We're off the hook.
No, Gus, this is bad.
The suicide, the hand turning up behind the hospital
Jules is gonna go right back down there
We have to save her from herself.
What does that even mean?
It means we go back to Santa Barbara
Be careful for spiders.
Shawn!
Our guy worked from morning till night, right?
So what's he doing driving all the way into the hills
An ice cream bar?
No, no, no, ice bar.
The ones where they give you a parka
They're either for tourists or Eskimos.
He could be an Eskimo. What?
Let's go get loaded for Lassie.
You're not a public defender.
No, wait, Mr. Kessler.
I just don't want you to make a mistake by going to jail
May...
I don't like this, Shawn.
We're the only non-motorcycle in this parking lot
Well, you'll just have to be extra black, then.
You bet.
These mittens are awfully restrictive,
The fur is fake, Shawn.
What we should have done was waited to see if
Let's just get the information we need,
Hello.
Fair enough. Gus, we need to go.
We do, but first, I need to go.
This vodka went right through me.
Thank you for your hospitality, Ova.
We'll be back to wear these coats again,
We're not even sure he's going to recover at all,
Well, that's a regional term. Gus prefers "playing football."
Stimpy. Going.
Now, you're proving to be dangerous.
I want you out.
Shawn, Gus, what is going on?
Dolores, great. I can explain.
Have you ever seen "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels"?
Oh, we talking, like, you and I,
What is that? Why are you doing that?
Hey, could you do a quick pivot
Because I just filled it,
Okay. Okay.
I see what's going on here.
I got news for everybody.
I don't know how to change a diaper, okay?
I'm not ready for you.
I don't care what my dad says.
And what does that mean?
Let's talk about that. Let's unpack that.
What it means is that I get why you're here,
I.E. might you offer up your teat?
I absolutely will not.
Now, that would be huge if I wasn't dreaming.
Mary, let me ask you... Mary?
Gus, what is this? Why are we doing this?
He's resisting, Shawn!
Get off of me! Are you sure?
It seems a bit one-sided.
Gus. Gus!
No gills.
So let me get this straight.
You've just been pretending this whole time?
No, not the whole time.
I mean, I still have some numbness on my right side,
And you can't tickle for crap.
Why are you doing this? Is this an insurance thing?
And is that a cactus growing out of your head?
No and no and stop touching my scar, man.
I gotta wake up. Wake up, Gus.
Gus. Wake up, come on.
Gus, Gus, Gus!
What?
We're not sleeping, dude.
I think baby Mary was a hallucination.
I'm pretty sure Wilkerson's the real deal,
You suddenly feel like you wanna confess something?
Yeah.
I used to have a major thing for Jewel,
I mean, the tooth and the van story,
Somehow they're getting them into the patients' meds.
I stopped taking mine, but it didn't help.
Carlton may have seen a zombie.
Did you know there are bodies in your fields?
Oh, gosh, it's the ice chips.
What?
Oh, that's just diabolical.
They know everything.
That's how they get you.
Hey, look, if they find out that I'm still lucid,
I have money. I can pay you guys.
But please don't give me up,
Shame. I just... I went along with it.
The lying was killing me. I was having panic attacks.
And the next thing you know I'm recovering here
And apparently I spilled everything
And he offers to keep his mouth shut for a price.
A steep price.
There's one guy standing over there, Gus.
How many of those ice chips did you eat?
I just ate the last one.
You kept eating them after we knew
I can't help it, Shawn. I run island hot.
Ha! Dr. Hersch...
Woody!
Well, hey, guys. How are we doing?
What are you two still doing here?
I get to cover the night rounds
Dr. Herschel's gone?
Tell me that isn't the guy I was supposed to be watching.
You know, not to pile on the criticisms, Woody,
Gus, I know where the outside man is.
Shawn, will you get your hand off my knee?
Gus, for the last time.
Someone from this ice bar
Our highly skilled tracking dog,
Shawn, we've done this routine before.
Do you not know the definition of insanity?
Gus, please, I'm going to leave the leash on this time.
So? Morrissey, smell this muff.
Ow. Good news, bad news.
What's the bad news?
It was Bard! He killed the dragon!
I saw it with me own eyes.
He brought the beast down!
Shot him dead. with a Black Arrow.
Thank you, Bard!
Winter is upon us.
Ve must look to our own.
To the sick and the helpless.
Those who can stand, tend to the wounded
We must salvage what we can.
What then? Whac' we do then
Hello!
Bom bur?
Here. Pull your weight.
News of the death of Smaug will have spread through the lands.
Aye.
Others will now look to the Mountain.
for its wealth
What is it you know?
Nothing for certain.
It's what I fear may come.
You saw something out there.
The Orc I pursued out of Lake-town, I know who he is.
Bolg, spawn of Azog the Defiler.
You may tell my father..
if there is no place for Tauriel, there is no place for me.
Legolas.
It is your king's command.
I ride North. Will you come with me?
To where?
He must be hunted down.
and destroyed once and for all.
Without the Ring of Power...
Sauron can never again hold dominion over Middle-earth.
Go now
Ganda f
They have no idea what is coming
Zou must summon our friends, bird and beast.
The battle for the Mountain is about to begin.
It is here in these halls.
I know it.
We have searched and searched.
Not well enough.
Thorin, we all would see the stone returned.
And yet, it is still not found!
Do you doubt the loyalty of anyone here?
I will not see it taken again.
The people of Lake-town have nothing
They have lost everything
I know well enough their hardship.
Those who have lived through dragon fire... should rejoice.
They have much... to be grateful for
Bring more stone to the gate!
That's it.
Here you go.
Another one
I do not know how to thank you.
Your gratitude is misplaced.
I did not come on your behalf.
I came to reclaim something of mine.
There are gems in the Mountain that I, too, desire.
White gems of pure starlight.
The White Gems of Lasgalen.
I know an Elf Lord who will pay a pretty price for these.
Come on.
Hail, Thorin, son of Thrain.
We are glad to find you alive beyond hope.
Why do you come to the gates... of the King under the Mountain armed for war?
Why does the King under the Mountain fence himself in.
like a robber in his hold?
Perhaps it is because I am expecting to be robbed.
My lord
but to seek fair settlement.
Will you not speak with me?
I am listening.
On behalf of the people of Lake-town..
..I ask that you honor your pledge.
A share of the treasure.
So that they might rebuild their lives.
I will not treat with any man.
That armed host will attack this Mountain if we do not come to terms
Does it not tell you our cause is just?
My people offered you help.
And in return, you brought upon them only ruin and death.
When did Lake-town come to our aid but for the promise of rich reward?
A bargain was struck!
A bargain?
What choice did we have but to barter our birthright
You're all.
in mortal danger.
What are you talking about?
You know nothing... of Wizards.
They are ike winter thunder on a wild wind
But sometimes a storm.. is just a storm.
Armies of Orcs are on the move
Our enemy has summoned his full strength.
Why show his hand now?
Because we forced him.
We forced him when the Company of Thorin set out to reclaim their homeland.
You will forgive me if I finish it.
Are the archers in position?
Yes, my lord.
Give the order.
If anything moves on that Mountain..
The Dwarves are out of time.
You, Bowman!
Do you agree?
Is gold so important to you?
Would you buy it with the blood of Dwarves?
It won't come to that.
I came.
to give you... this.
The Heart of the Mountain.
The King's Jewel.
And worth a king's ransom.
How is this... Yours to give?
I took it as my 14th share of the treasure.
Why would you do this?
You owe us no loyalty.
I'm not doing it for you.
know that Dwarves can be obstinate
They're suspicious and secretive..
with the worst manners
Stand down
Not least this faithless Woodland sprite.
He wishes nothing but ill upon my people.
If he chooses...to stand between me and my kin
See if he's still smirking then.
He's clearly mad, like his cousin.
Zou hear that, lads We're on!
Let's give these bastards a good hammering!
I'll get them to safety, sire.
Then my sword is yours to command. Get up!
Look after them
Make for the Great Hall!
Out of my way!
I will not part..
with a single coin.
He could not see beyond his own desire!
As if I were some lowly Dwarf Lord
A sickness which drove your grandfather mad
I am not my grandfather. I am not my grandfather.
You needn't worry about that ring. Fell out of my pocket during the battle.
I lost it.
You're a very fine person, Mr. Baggins.
And I'm very fond... of you.
But you're only quite a little fellow..
in a wide world after all
And that's my dining chair.
So, I don't really have a job title
4:00, Your Honor.
Don't forget to take your medicine.
Well, all these powerful guys.
You can make connections here that'll last forever.
Not really.
We have a lot of turnover here.
That flag outside has been at half-mast since April.
That's why we have these.
Oh. How's that work?
Okay, uh...
This one is for all of the lawyers in the room
disappear.
Oh, hold on.
Congressman Morley, enough with the taxes.
You don't see us making you pay..
You don't see us making you pay...
through the nose.
Okay, hold on. Nobody move, I got this!
Who am I kidding? I can't fall asleep.
Every car alarm, every whistle of the wind
It's all in your imagination.
I just want to Netflix and Mom.
An hour ago, I had made the perfect tub!
Yeah, thanks again for that, but it didn't help.
Sugar! I love sugar!
Okay, that is it!
You don't want to go to sleep!
So much has happened since high school.
I tried to find happiness in the bottom of a bottle.
A shattering depiction of human suffering.
But enough about how I felt.
I just keep remembering how Vlad and I
For some of Us, that was the last best time.
What time period was all this taking place?
It didn't make any sense.
The way things ended with me and Vlad,
A lot of things haunt me.
It was the night of the prom.
The roads were very icy.
Through the mist, I saw the truck's headlights.
When I came to, the doctor told me we'd been in a horrible
Oh, yOu've got to be kidding me.
Mitchell, this is the theater. Have some respect.
All you have to do is sit there and be quiet.
I've lived a long life.
Mitchell, what are you doing?
Many friends.
Oh, my beautiful Bess.
Even took a trip to Washington, D.C.,
Never had any children, of course.
Which is why it was so important that I made it here tonight.
To see each of you.
You are my children!
Not by anything she says, no.
Yeah, they never say it.
I guess they think
They find little ways to express it.
Being a mom is like being a model.
You have to learn how to live on crumbs.
Hi, honey.
Right.
Honey, I'm so sorry about the way I was tonight.
It's okay.
I actually got to go backstage and meet Nancy.
She invited a few of us out for coffee.
Oh, fun.
Yeah, no, uh, not fun, actually.
All she did was talk about herself.
It really just seemed like she wanted an audience.
And when the check came, you know what she didn't do?
Grab it.
Sorry.
Joe's sleeping in the couch.
Claire, we should be focusing on our feelings.
And that no one discovered the body until it reached Acapulco?
That was, like, more than 2,000 miles away?
And that they then sent her body back in a Rubbermaid cooler..
which then got stuck in Customs for, like, a week.
before Tina's husband could even claim it
Yeah. I know. I'm the same way.
I mean, I write reminders about my reminders.
Right.
Hey, how is your daughter doing?
She's almost a senior. It's hard to believe.
Thanks for asking.
It fucking hurts.
Yeah, you had pins in your legs for over a year.
It's gonna hurt.
Your doctor wants me to write an assessment
No, on why there's been zero improvement in six months.
I have shown up to every fucking appointment.
well, then maybe you would do better with, uh, someone else.
Okay, great.
where now
So I was on break, and I was looking like this.
And all of a sudden, I see a lady climb up on the ledge.
And I'm like, oh, fuck, she about to jump!
what did you do?
I started yelling at her.
And I was like, "Don't jump! Don't jump!"
H-How long before she jumped?
It was-It was a pretty long time.
Was it a few minutes before she jumped?
Maybe.
She wasn't a hundred percent certain.
or when it involved intangible.
or subjective personality traits,
Uh, but. but a lawsuit
I just came here for Nina's address.
N-Nina from group?
The one who killed herself. Yeah, that Nina.
well, I'm certain I can't give you that information. I'm sorry.
well, remember when I said I was kidding about the Iawsuit?
Uh-huh.
This is a lot
This is a very good soap. No buy at home.
Get it. Get it.
Do you have prescriptions?
I thought we-I thought we didn't need prescriptions.
well, at the border, unless you have prescriptions, they will take them away.
Okay, so what do we do? what do we do?
we open up Mary here.
Um, that seems really, really tricky. what if we get caught?
You're a rich white woman. Have you ever been caught at anything?
will you just get me something other than Mary?
I have problems with anything religious.
I think you have bigger problems.
what
They are my friends, Irma and Innocencia.
Oh. Nice to meet you.
Excuse me. I'll be right back.
Silvana, do you want to go shopping more,
And whatever you put in that statue that they didn't find.
Good-bye.
Good-bye, Silvana.
Okay. Good-bye, Jason.
Uh, maybe I should.... get the rest of my stuff while I'm here.
Not tonight. wouldn't be prudent.
You know, you never called my assistant.
I know. I will call her tomorrow
Boy, nothing gets past you, huh?
No, it's me.
Prove it.
You're gonna have to trust me.
I lied about Nina not leaving a note.
It's not very original.
Silvana told me about your accident.
And your little boy.
well, Silvana needs to keep her fat mouth shut.
She cares about you.
I pay her to care about me.
It's not my fault she gets sentimental.
And don't you get sentimental either.
I can't save you.
I can barely save myself and my kid.
I'm not asking you to.
Silvama?
Xes?
Silvana, you have this habit...
of letting everyone into the house.
But he is a friend, no?
Once a popular symbol of youth culture,
One of the last operating drive-in theaters
You should eat something.
How about that apple sauce?
we went to a drive-in.
who?
Jt was Our first date
Touche, Imelda.
It's Maylia.
But I do like my shoes.
Found out he liked Billy Toel.
Not in an ironic way.
Oh, I got so drunk on rum and Coke.
My parachute failed to open...
and I fell over 10,000 feet to the ground.
Did not. Did too
what's in LA?
I'm gonna be an actress.
Yeah. That's a sad story.
How old was she?
Old enough.
Now we'll have champagne all around.
Thank you.
I was just explaining the rules.
As a precaution, no names.
The two of us have made a good deal of money in the past,
They know me as a banker, slightly bent,
Which would be us.
But before they put their money in,
Only 200,000.
50,000 from each of us
Got a question for you.
Not that I expect a straight answer.
This proposition, just how dodgy is it?
Well, it's rather difficult to say
Who are they
And to your point, um.
Bryn.
Oh, dear. The first to break a rule.
But to your point Bryn
Russians
Well, if you can't join us, Bryn,
I didn't say that, did I? Mmm?
Would you like to come and see him?
Uh, no. I wouldn't want to intrude.
Shall we resume?
Uh, I've got something to say.
I'd like to thank everyone for making the effort
We got off on the wrong foot.
And? Was he glad to see you?
Poor sod didn't even know I was there.
Really: Another bottle?
Your grandmother's throwing caution to the wind.
File
This is your going-away dinner.
Well, what I think Vincent means is
That's right! One's interest, one's assets, family.
Might I ask what the strategy has been
I don't think you could call it a strategy
And, of course, I own this house
So, if we include the savings, the fund, and the house,
Maybe 800, I think, the last time I looked.
May I call you Betty?
Well, over a 5-year period,
Is there a risk
Another benefit is that our investments assist
So, your money would be helping those in need.
That's nice to know, isn't it?
Double my money in five years?
A little more wouldn't go amiss
Oh, yes, what's that?
Well, to limit the administrative costs and your tax liability,
You mean combine my money with Roy's?
I'm sure you had something similar with your late husband.
Well, yes, but we were married.
That's like winning the lottery.
Investing with Vincent is like winning the lottery
So, what would you...
Stephen?
I thought you were in Spandau.
Oh, did you?
Well, they let me out early
Why didn't you let me know you were back?
You should have called
Mind the gap.
Stand clear of the doors, please
The other bloke was all,
If the Russians were wired
We committed fraud. Pure and simple
Greedy old Roy.
What do you expect me to do?
Give me back my 100,000 quid.
I don't have it.
You speak German?
Sorry?
I wasn't really listening.
Will you say that again?
When they burn books, in the end,
I didn't expect there'd be quite so many balloons.
Looks like Disney runs it.
Still, preferable to being shot at.
Well, I wouldn't mind shooting a few.
I think someone's getting cranky
Would you mind taking him?
I think I'm gonna go exploring
Well, the doctor can bugger off.
Do you know how many people were shot
No, Stephen. I don't.
I suppose you're about to tell me.
Hello?
Went the day well?
What happened?
Oh, it's just, I took a tumble.
This is Shayla. How may I help you?
Yes. My name's Roy Courtnay.
I'm trying to transfer some funds from my account.
And I've left my keypad at home.
We can courier another keypad to you.
Yes, you're right. I am.
Betty!
What are you doing here, Roy?
Oh, Robert's flight was delayed.
Oh, dear. How did you find out?
He called
What's that you're doing?
Oh, I was looking at our joint account.
Ive entered the passcode, so I am as you say "in."
Different passcode, different bank.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The break-in. We need to plan.
Agent Self will provide that information.
You worked with Whistler.
Didn't he say anything about a location?
Wasn't that in his bird book?
Which T-Bag has.
If he made it out of Sona alive.
Finding where the break-in is doesn't mean anything
Here's your flag.
Algeria? Turkey.
Find out where the Turkish Consul is in town.
You know what? Get with the program.
You're up.
Uh, his name's Erol Tabak.
Not a whole lot, but they park anywhere they want.
Put this on the dash.
Can we get any closer?
That's our guy.
Yeah?
She must know something.
Now, I have something else I need you to do for me.
It seems a former employee
T-Bag's in town?
Yeah, but we lost him.
He could be anywhere by now.
It's not where he is. It's what he's doing.
He blew this whole thing for all of us.
You've got to be kidding me.
I wish I were.
You've reached Jasper Potts.
Leave a message.
Hey, it's me. Listen, I need that information
Call me back. Call.. me.. back as soon as possible.
Lisa Tabak. Wife of the Turkish Consul.
I understand. We'll make this fast.
Officer Mathers, he'll wait with you.
Please. Stay with her.
If you could just wait with me, ma'am.
Thank you.
What's going on?
Should only take a few minutes.
This is a nice memorial.
I very much respect
There's a lot of bad people out there.
We have to turn her in.
Well, the priority for me is working out custody of benjamin.
To that end, I've written down all the pertinent facts about the situation.
No, I don't want to do this over the phone.
Uh, listen. I'm gonna hop in the shower.
How about we meet in your office in about an hour?
Great. Thanks.
Orson?
The, uh, the door's open.
Okay, so if you know what she's doing, then why don't you just bust her?
She's small-time.
We're trying to get to her supplier, so we need her to keep dealing.
Wait. So you're just gonna leave a drug dealer in our house?
Yes.
After you scared off that couple that were going to buy the young house,
Well, good, when they drop by for their inspection,
You wouldn't wanna do that to me.
And after all, we're family.
Family?
Well, yes, since my nephew austin is benjamin's biological father,
I can.
She went after carlos and mike and karl.
The only person she hasn't gone after is tom.
Yet.
This woman is outta control.
What are you gonna do?
No. What are we gonna do?:
But I wont it.
You're the one who asked me to go shopping.
Well, I know, but we're supposed toe spending time together, not going into debt.
how about this one?
What do you mean, "supposed to"?
I just.... it's good for US to hang out. I enjoy it.
Is this something that the doctor made you do?
No. All my idea.
I just wanted to treat you to a real fun day.
Well, we've done enough damage for one day.
Let's go home.
I want a corn dog first.
Oh, honey, we're about to have dinner.
But I'm hungry now. I want a corn dog.
I did.
But it's not a competition.
Yeah, I lost that battle years ago.
So, Howard, are you-interested?
Are you kidding?
If I could control robot arms with my brain,
Really? Because you've been controlling human arms
I'll give it a go.
My ride home with you was hellish.
Sheldon, honey, if you want to join us for dinner,
No, thank you.
I don't think I'd be very good company tonight.
Well, then out you go.
Okay, what is going on?
Well, ever since Amy started working with Howard,
Didn't that just start this morning?
And has she been home?
You know, that would frustrate me.
Does it frustrate you?
I get that.
You know, it's okay to feel frustrated
I suppose.
Ah, maybe it's not that big a deal.
No, no, no, your feelings are valid.
Now, why don't you go wash up,
Okay.
Everything's fine.
Howard's really excited about his work,
And I can fit into the pants I wore in high school.
Come on, we don't need to lie to each other.
You're right.
I have a teething baby, I'm pregnant,
I don't have time to hear about
If it's not for this, I don't know what it's for.
No, no, no. He'll just think that means
Worth a shot.
Okay. Let's see, let's see.
"Biting other children"?
Well, sometimes, but.. problem for another day.
Okay, wait, wait. Here we go.
"Let him have ownership of his choices.
Allow him to choose from options that are acceptable to you."
"I can drive you in two hours or you can take an Uber"
He's gonna take an Uber.
Wow, it worked.
Unless he bites the driver, yeah.
And now they're working on a Saturday?
Can you believe them?
This whole thing is maddening.
I'm really busy.
I don't have time to listen to you complain.
Hey. You're complaining, too.
"Sheldon, why are you here?"
Well, it needs to compile, so it's gonna be a few minutes.
Sounds like we've earned ourselves a break.
You want to hear some Neil Sedaka?
You know, that's your greatest magic trick,
'l love, I love, I love my calendar girl
That chess club picture is now
Okay, look, I'm on the Air Force Web site,
So maybe they just want to give you a lot of money for your invention.
Oh, please, that's not how it works.
You saw E.T., Avatar, Jurassic World.
The military just shows up and takes over.
You do realize those weren't documentaries, right?
I'm sorry, you find this funny?
No, I was just thinking about Jurassic World.
Boy, that was terrible.
Oh, we have to use the stairs.
When are they gonna fix your elevator?
All right, now I'm starting to sense a little tension.
All right, you two, don't start.
Penny and I are throwing this second wedding for your benefit.
Can you please not ruin it?
Of course. I'm sorry.
It's not nonsense.
This is how the U.S. Military works.
Oh, if it's even the U.S. Military.
It could be foreign military pretending to be American.
You're right. We turn our guidance system over to them,
I also love the enemies of America.
Penny, I hope the example of my failed marriage
Oh, of course not.
Mom, please save something for the toast.
So, Alfred, what is it that you do for a living?
Oh, I'm an anthropologist.
I study ancient peoples and cultures.
My goodness, so all the way back to the Flood.
Leonard comes from a remarkably high-achieving family,
He probably feels
Hey, it's a big menu.
There's two pages just for desserts.
I know.
Tell her I have a girlfriend!
All fright.
He "has" a "girlfriend."
Howard, keep in mind that the more passionately
Do you really think your lips in my ear is helping?
Hi. Sorry I'm late.
Oh, glad you're here. Uh, sit down.
I'll get you a plate.
Mom, you remember Penny.
Oh, yes, the waitress slash actress
Has he finally come to terms
Well, he sent me a football and a catcher's mitt for Christmas,
If it helps, we're all good with your breasts.
Your "check engine" light is on.
Yeah, I gotta put a sticker over that.
So, uh, you must be devastated about your divorce.
Oh, not at all.
But I am a bit distressed to be in a vehicle
Come on, I mean, you're not upset
Well, initially I felt something akin to grief
Sure, sure.
Thankfully, my shock was somewhat mitigated by the fact
Eight years?
Oh, that's nothing.
I've been responsible for my own orgasms since 1982.
Yikes.
What's so funny?
That's exactly what I say during orgasms: "Yikes."
Do you want to stop for a drink?
Then why are you telling me?
It's a conversation starter.
That's a lousy conversation starter.
Oh, is it? We're conversing.
What do you want, Sheldon?
What I want is to be departing the starship Enterprise
Why are you here?
No, that's not going to work at all.
I'll comfort you from over here.
Leonard, what you're experiencing
Thank you, that's very comforting.
That's not the comforting part.
It's not?
No, no.
The comforting part is that the Germans
It means
You're right, I do feel better.
Well, the Germans have always been a comforting people.
Just remember, Leonard, where your biological family
You're my surrogate family?
If it's any consolation, I'm not happy about it either.
Good night.
Okay, now this time try drinking it all at once.
Yikes.
I've been responsible for my own buzz since 2003.
all sport the same stylish eye patch.
Not my business.
We all carved our eyeballs out our skull
We the Left-Eye Boys!
Yeah!
You got real pretty eyes, miss.
You reckon we can, I don't know, borrow one?
Can we borrow one?
Now, is that a proper question to ask a lady?
Who are you, slick? The boyfriend?
Soon to be the husband.
Did he happen to mention a singing windmill?
He did mention a singing windmill.
He said it sounded like a choir of angels.
Where'd he say it was?
He said that it was in a place where he made his biggest score.
Whatever that was.
And then he laughed.
He liked to laugh...
Hang on.
My father is in trouble.
My brother, he needs my help.
I'll rob the bank with you.
I must do this alone.
What's happening right now?
I will not let go of you until you say I can help you.
Will you stop brushing me if I say yes?
Yes.
Then you can help.
That means he likes you.
That's a good amount of money you want us to lend you.
Now, normally, we would require two forms of identification, madam,
I feel kinda guilty about this, Burro, taking money from nice people.
I mean, it's not like you're some greasy Mexican.
I feel less guilty now.
What are you doing?
This is a bank!
Get that donkey out of here!
Get out of my bank, you beast!
I know what you're thinking, but not yet.
Hold it.
How is this jackass stuck?
If it got in here, it can certainly get out!
It doesn't make sense, it's not logical.
They got it locked up good, do they?
Oh! You are leaving!
Gall dang. Gall dang. Gall dang.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
No! Virgil! Virgil, the key!
I'm Lil Pete.
So, is your father, like, Big Pete?
I didn't know my pa.
Slowly, but surely,
That's a lot of money, isn't it, Mama?
Mama?
Oh, yeah, that's right. I'm writing you a letter.
Anyways, I can't wait to actually meet my pa.
I want him to teach me how you make babies.
Let me take care of this.
How can you see a fly in the dark?
A true hunter sees with all his senses.
That was some mystical shit, man.
I think you just nicked his biscuits off.
That's what I was aiming for.
He didn't deserve to die.
He deserved to know he was not welcome here.
Raised by Indians, huh?
That had some impact on you.
Well, let me get this one.
We keep the imported stuff in the back. I'll go and fetch it for you.
That's wonderful.
Now, I didn't hear that, did you?
I did.
I don't know, maybe I'm turned round.
I thought that, like, tonight was gonna be Fajita Friday
No! Hell, no!
He's giving himself six bullets to the head!
And he's still smiling!
I was just trying to knock him out.
Well, you succeeded.
I don't think he's waking up from that one.
You done a number on him, Ramon.
You did! You did a number there.
Yeah, you did!
Hey! Hey!
Plan B was officially insane!
Here you are, Danny. It's an old Apache remedy.
You know everything, Tommy. Where'd you learn all this stuff?
My father taught me.
Dad? I thought you just met him last week.
Not our father. Screaming Eagle.
He raised me since I was a kid.
He's the kindest.. wisest man I've ever known.
must've been nice to have a dad.
We gotta save our daddy, Frank Stockburn.
Frank Stockburn, the outlaw?
You know our dad?
Without a doubt.
One of the best poker players I've ever played against.
I played him in Ezekiel Grant's annual Valentine's Day game down in Yuma.
Thousands of dollars on the table, but Stockburn doesn't bat an eyelash.
He happen to mention anything about what his biggest score was?
Over in Utah? A guy named Smiley Harris?
I'll make you a deal.
Help me out a bit and I'll tell you all I know.
Deal. Tommy Dunson.
Abner Doubleday. Let's play ball.
Welcome, my friends, to the first ever playing of a new sport.
A sport of my own devising.
On this field, two ten-person teams will engage in a battle of..
Yes, Qi?
Only 18 people here.
Two nine-person teams will engage in a battle of strength, speed, and strategy.
One team will go out onto the field to play defense
Oh! Man!
And hasn't stopped yet.
Oh, hell, no! My man gluing on heads and shit!
Wish he'd glue the head back on my pecker.
What happened to your pecker?
Texas Stubbies.
Okay, never mind all that. Okay?
Now, DoC, you know which way them there Ridiculous 6 rode off to?
We're traveling with a friend of theirs who, uh...
will be real excited to see them.
Well, they headed up north to the Turquoise Trail.
I can show you on the map over here.
Looking forward to seeing your man beg for his life?
He messed with the Left-Eye Gang!
He's gonna be like,
See, when George Washington invented America...
Excuse me, Sheriff.
Is there a church in this town?
We don't need no preacher telling us what we can and cannot do.
So it's all right if I do this to your wife?
I can't wait to see all you nice people when I'm dangling!
You sick bastard.
Get this over with.
You're in for a real treat today. This is gonna be so much fun.
There's a good chance he's dead already.
But there's a chance he's not. You got to meet him, Tommy.
The rest of US...
Even if it was just for five minutes, it'd be worth it.
If I don't talk to Dad, I'll die with this dirty secret burnin' a hole in my guts.
I don't know. That sounds risky.
What's risky?
He's suggesting we... knock off Ezekiel Grant's poker game.
It's in Yuma tomorrow night.
Yuma's less than a day's walk from here.
If Tommy says we can beat 'em, I'll believe him.
We all will.
We can beat 'em..
For Dad!
I hope you like the gift I'm giving you for Valentine's Day, Ezekiel.
I'll give you a hint. One-hour massage, no charge.
Oh, Susannah.
You know what gift I'd really love?
If you would just shut up!
Nothing ruins a good poker game more...
And, General Custer, I see you've let your dashing blond hair grow out.
Well, yes, the barber down at the regiment is just awful,
And I ain't gonna let that happen.
Now, will our old friend from Tombstone be joining us?
Late as usual.
But we have a new player, a wealthy Mexican coffee bean rancher.
Am I tardy-o?
Sneaky little Mexican.
May I present Don Don Diego.
We run a gentleman's game here, Mr. Diego.
Your, uh, two bodyguards are completely unnecessary.
That is some mystical shit.
I wish to move the dresser in my bedroom closer to the window,
I'd love to help, ma'am, but I really should keep playing the piano.
No one will even know you're gone.
Gentlemen, cough up your buy
All right!
Make it rain like Twain.
Take that and that.
Yeah!
You know, I make that same face when I put my cologne on in the morning,
You know what I think?
I think Don Don Diego isn't really a coffee bean rancher at all.
And his true purpose here is to rob us.
Don't make me kill you, Mr. Earp. Hands up high.
Oh, snap! You got the drop on Wyatt Earp?
Proud to know you, Burro.
He's proud.
You must be, uh, Saint Louis, right?
Chico.
Boy, you got your mom's muscles.
Now and then, you know.
We should play together sometime.
I'd like that, Dad.
I'd like that a lot.
Yeah, son, we'll do that.
You must be Delilah's boy.
Boy, she made some fine, fine whiskey.
Ooh, yeah.
She must've been really hitting it hard when she was pregnant with you.
So that business can wait up north, can't it... best man?
Well, now that you mention it, maybe I should change my plans.
Bueno. Bueno.
Yeah.
Hey! What are they doing back?
What is this?
I guess it's time you kids
I'm just too famous.
I can't walk into any town west of the Rockies
So, I came up with a way we could make 50 grand
Answer me something.
Were you ever great at anything in your life besides stealing?
No. No.
You apples didn't fall far from this tree.
Don't deny who you are.
If you knew who we really were,
Don't overplay your hand, son.
I'm still holding an ace.
I found her. I.. I told you I'd find her.
This little beauty stumbled into our camp a few days ago.
She actually tried to rescue me.
I'm guessing this means you don't want me to be your best man no more, huh?
Well, I'm gonna make this real simple for you.
The ultrasound of the Kim and Kanye baby
Wait, this kid's half Kardashian.
Its big baby butt.
Wow, that baby's already famous for doing nothing..
Just like its mom.
No, what I found is a site where we can apply
I was already owned by a woman.
There's also a minority-owned category.
You don't know who your father is,
Any chance he could be native american?
Yes, in fact, I think his name was
Wait.
Maybe we don't even need your father.
We are white,
So now all we need is a letter of recommendation
I was thinking of a recommendation
I've already written it, so he just has to sign it.
Will you ask Andy? I can't, he's my ex.
And I'm saving up my favor
I hate asking men for things.
Favors, last names, to stop.
Max, you do know I was born in this country, right?
You were born here? How old are you?
About zero dark thirty?
Yeah, you were born in a Walmart, right?
Where do you think the expression
Hey. Caroline.
you bummed you drove your boyfriend out of town?
For the record, I did not chase Andy away.
We ended our relationship well.
Right, that's why I helped him move out
Man, you messed that up.
So self-involved.
Coming in a little hot, Amir.
They split.
He left last night without a peep.
Damn it, now I'm thinking about those Peeps again.
Oh, I was worried you two wouldn't make it.
You always have your mind on business,
I have two pairs.
Okay, fine. Give it back.
I'll find someone else with a business.
What about Sophie? She owns a small business,
I'm not so sure Sophie's cleaning business
I mean, when we worked for her,
Her organ-trading might not be.
Forget it, Caroline.
We might deport you ourselves.
All we need is a Fedex box.
Um, Caroline. Come over here.
I think I can help you with that.
The size of my business has never been in question.
And I may not have a business,
Han Lee does.
Max, look. Earl forged Han's signature.
That's what his signature looks like.
When I forge it, I just draw a picture of Hello Kitty.
You want to know your future?
No, no thanks.
You sure?
I have a message about your love life.
Max? Max, I really need to talk.
Oh, just come in and get it over with.
Everybody else does.
Max, I'm sorry, but I really need to talk.
I went to the fortune teller near the diner,
Fortune-telling's a scam.
"You'll never find a man, your moon's in Uranus,
Please, Max, just listen for five minutes.
Come over here. I'll make you some tea.
Tea? Who am I, Pippa Middleton?
Well, we were saving that waffle
Chestnut, we're eating your birthday waffle now.
I don't know why I'm pissing him off.
he's gonna be the only man in my life.
I can't believe you blew $10 on a psychic.
Don't hold your breath.
Stop it!
You guys must've been something growing up.
Iimagine dolls with heads cut off.
No, my sister and I were very close actually.
No I was, I'm sorry, I was talking about Anna and Lvdia.
So Dad, what about a toast?
Dad! Toast.
Oh, yes yes.
To the most beautiful and most intelligent woman I've known in my entire life!
Cheers!
Happy Birthday! We love you!
We love you too. Cheers darling
I'm an associate professor of cognitive science here at UCLA
Now, in my dissertation,
For the record, every time that Alice and I argued, she was right.
Alice Howland is the Lilian Young Professor
She famously wrote her seminal textbook From Neurons to Nouns
I'm sure getting more than a few "Ah-ha" moments from them,
Please welcome Dr. Alice Howland.
Thank you so much.
Most children speak and understand
How do they accomplish this remarkable feat?
No, thanks. Juanita found a dead squirrel,
Well, of course.
Gotta see the dead squirrel.
Only touch it with a stick!
No fingers!
Blown off for a dead squirrel?
Boy, does that bring back memories.
New hobby?
Oh, M.J. and I are building this soapbox thingy car
You should get Tom to help.
He did it with all our boys.
It's how they learned to swear.
Oh. That's okay. I'll figure it out.
I do. Since Tom and I split,
No. I can do this. I have to.
And you know what? I think it's gonna turn out great.
Do you always move your lips when you read?
Do you always comment on everything
I haven't said a word about your tie.
Okay, we're here for discovery compliance, and trial setting.
Ms. Stone, Mr. Weston, you've exchanged witness lists?
The most beautifully embroidered chinese silk,
Okay, a little insensitive. My bad.
No, I-I've had a change of heart,
In fact, I need to return these.
What? You can't. I work on commission.
Did you know that one of these scarves
No, but that sounds awfully familiar.
It was in the pamphlet that Carlos slipped me last night.
He did what now?
And we talked on the phone this morning,
He's a very special guy.
Hold on to him.
Look, where Doris puts her money is her decision.
Tomorrow morning, 9:00, she's putting it here.
Okay. You don't have to be so smug
No quotation marks. I'm actually doing charity,
And I'm helping people put their wardrobes together.
I got to run to a meeting.
Now? We're in the middle of an argument.
Yeah, but it's no fun to argue when only one side
But you know what it is fun?
A little victory dance.
Okay, it took me all night,
but... it's... finished.
Okay. Before you say anything,
but personally, I like them. I think they're awesome.
And there's a basket on the back for sundries or snacks
But why would you need to cheat with a car like this, right?
No, no, it's perfect.
Oh, I'm so relieved.
You wanna take it for a spin?
Yeah, but.... . I'm kind of thirsty.
Can you get me something to drink?
Of course. Two frosty non-caffeinated root beers
Oh, my god! What did you do?
I didn't see it coming. I'm so sorry.
No, not you! My son! You can go.
They don't have to. They're always staring at me
Oh, honey.
And if I go to the Father-Son Derby.
and I'm the only kid with his mom,
I'm so sorry. I had no idea.
What can I do to make it better?
Nothing. I just want dad.
How was soccer?
Awesome. I think we're gonna
Nice. You want me to make you something to eat?
Thanks. I'm gonna get changed.
It's cute how her generation thinks that sport is interesting.
Oh, and, um, I will bring her to the game Saturday.
Looks like we won't need to switch weekends.
I thought you and Jane were going away.
Can't. I got to work.
Gregg wants me to rework the strategic plan
Huh. Well, that sucks.
Never liked that guy.
I mean, he said you guys had drinks the other night?
It was nothing. We just, you know...
hung out for a bit.
You do realize that that could be awkward for me.
Huh. That's weird.
What?
I have an "Isn't That Ironic" app
I'm serious, Lynette. That's where I work.
It was just drinks with a guy I know,
I promise not to do anything embarrassing
Okay. You know what? You wanna see Gregg?
It's fine with me.
How about if instead of eating this sandwich,
Hey. How about... "No"?
But what if I told you something about dad and Jane
Then could 1?
How do I know your information is even worth
Oh, it is.
Oh. It would be wrong to teach you that this kind of blackmail works.
Besides, I can see
When dad told Jane he had to work this weekend,
Really? The chocolate that I am in no way trading
She was all, "We never have time together"
The envelope is still sitting on a shelf in the kitchen.
Put the sandwich down,
Well, look who strolled in from the outback.
Spousal privilege.
Which is?
It's a crazy law we have here.
You don't have to testify against your husband.
So here's what's gonna happen.
We say "I do," we walk back up the aisle,
And if I don't?
Well, then I guess you won't be seeing
And trust me...
my secret is way better than yours.
So you are alive.
You're just not answering your phone.
I'm sorry. I just...
can't imagine what you must think of me
Bree, listen, I don't judge people.
I defend them.
Well, I'm not going to prison.
I mean, Trip says we're gonna win,
I just thank god that even after all of this,
Okay, I'm gonna say it.
Bree, you have a crush on your lawyer.
I guess you're right.
You're on trial for murder, Bree.
You got to keep a clear head.
And so does he.
Doris, I just want you to know how grateful we are.
Your donation is gonna help so many recovering addicts
Oh, stop. I should be thanking you
And please forgive the appearance of my office.
Every penny that we get goes directly to those in need,
nice... things.
Those in need, huh?
This is not my stuff!
And not just about car stuff, you know?
Anytime you need something, give US a call.
So what do you think of this design? Hey?
It.... kind of looks like a Corvette.
Kind of? It's an exact rendering.
Look at the shading on the wheel well.
Calm down. You traced it out of a magazine.
Can you guys really build this?
Um, well... not without your help.
I know what you're doing.
You don't want me going on this research trip
I'm not afraid to be alone.
On land.
On the sea, it would be terrifying.
Because of all the drowning.
Sheldon.
Fine, no more drowning talk.
I'll change the subject.
Will you be there?
Of course.
Well, that's two. Three if you count me.
Oh, this is getting out of hand.
So, then, during my afternoon shift,
Oh, that's awful.
Not really. My shirt was soaking wet.
I got, like, the biggest tip of my life. Oh.
So, listen, do you remember when I said
of general relativity and hydrodynamics suggest
I thought I said that to you.
Anyway,
Wow, Hawking! Good for you!
Well, it is.
Aren't they afraid Hawking will just roll overboard?
Uh, he's not gonna be there.
He's just sending a team to research his theory.
Oh, sure.
Like when you send me to kill spiders in your bathtub.
Okay. Four months.
Yeah.
And I'm a little worried
Oh, sweetie, if you're gonna screw things up,
Really, you guys do not need to throw me a going-away party.
Are you kidding me?
How often can you say "bon voyage" to somebody
Hello, Raiesh.
Hello, Amy. Nice to see you.
What can I say? It's funnier with the accent.
There's beer in the fridge.
Anyway, you guys really don't need to make a big deal.
Leonard, you're being selfish.
We need to give you a proper send-off so we'll have closure
Sheldon, sweetie, shut up.
You know, one of the things
Okay.
I have a request to make.
And now he can talk.
I want to cut open your brain
The only person allowed inside this head is Dr. Phil.
I think I'm a little more qualified than you
Don't call her my girlfriend.
We haven't discussed whether or not
Now that it's out there..
.... are you my girlfriend?
By the way, if you say no,
She'll be here.
Just give it a rest, okay?
Um, can I have your attention, everyone?
That's, uh, B-flat, for those who don't have perfect pitch.
I would like to propose a toast
He has been presented with a wonderful opportunity,
That must've been very hard for you to say.
Well, I mean it.
I'm really happy for you.
And that's how you get a toothpaste commercial. Cheers.
Cheers.
It was really nice of you to try to be happy for Leonard.
Here's what we're prepared to offer.
You're joking, right?
I don't joke about real estate.
I joke about golf and Mexicans.
It's okay, though. I'm married to one.
How can I turn down a free meal?
First time's the hardest.
What do you say, my love?
Well, I'm not sure I'm ready to say good-bye to this guy yet.
But I'll only stay if you let me contribute.
I did bring along a fabulous bottle of '82 bordeaux
For that, you can take Manny home.
See what I have to put up with?
Gil!
Phil Dunphy.
What did I tell you, hey?
Oh, Dunphy, I can play you like a ukulele,
Gil, I wanna talk to you about your offer.
Let me stop you right there.
This is how this is gonna go down.
First of all, I'm gonna take you out to a very nice dinner.
I'm gonna talk really sweet to you.
And then I'm gonna lay you down by the fire...
Oh. Slow at first, then...
If you guys are talking about the house,
He's not 14
And why wouldn't he? She's so much smarter than me.
She knows so much more about the things that he loves.
They have their little inside jokes.
If she learns how to froth his cappuccino,
You and Manny have the closest relationship I've ever seen.
Hell, he may never form
You're just saying that.
And it doesn't matter if Manny likes her.
Knowing Javier's track record,
You are wrong, Jay. I'm not going to dump her.
In fact, this weekend, I asked Trish to marry me.
You're going to marry her?
I was waiting for the right time to tell you.
Nailed it.
I really want Trish to wear it.
She is the most amazing woman I've ever known.
You see that I am holding a knife.
Please.
Half our marriage was you with a knife.
Trish is the one. And Manny already loves her.
Fine. I'll go get you the ring.
But you owe me $8
And I like Trish, too.
Me, too.
Well, then I suppose this is
Trish and I are getting married.
Oh, my gosh. This is the best news ever!
Here. Drink.
Now listen, my love.
I can't do this.
No, no. I'll just push a little harder.
Javier, stop. It'll never work.
But wait, my love.
We can put butter on your finger.
That's him. Hit it.
Hey! Not him.
Hey, guys. Sorry it took me so long.
I've never bought beer before. There's just so many choices.
Do we really need that much?
I don't know. Is this a lot?
Showtime!
Hey! Not him.
Hey! Thought I'd just swing by and see how it's going.
Zack here?
Oh, my God.
You are wearing black tights.
Alex was right. You are into him.
I'll take you up for lunch and dinner, how does that sound?
We go see around city.
Yeah. Yeah?
I mean, it will cost a fortune.
Relax, I'm loaded, I scored 20 big ones last Sunday.
Not another crap gameNo, stud poker this time.
Sitting there with 3 tens, and some guy with aces up keeps raising me.
How did you get all the money to play in such a big poker game?
My horse came in this weekend.
I'm telling you this is why I have to go to Vegas.
I'm a gambler and I don't know how else to put it.
I've always wanted you to have to show me around Manhattan.
This is going to be absolutely fantastic.
Hi, I'm here for Mr. Roland Pollard.
Roland, this is Ashleigh Enright from Yardley.
How do you do? Ashleigh, this is Roland.
The screening is all set up. We are running on a really tight schedule.
First of all, I'd just like to say that what an honor this is for me.
I just want to say you're by far the most interesting american director.
Thank you.
I write in the arts for a paper
I'm surprised to hear that someone your age is
Film is my total thing. I've seen all the american classics.
Particularly the europeans. Kurosawa is my favourite.
Technically, he is not european, technically, he's, obviously, japanese.
But you really speak to my soul.
What college are you from?
Yardley. It's small.
I know it well, my first wife went there.
Really, Yes.
Very sexy. A philosophy major.
To tell you the truth I didn't deserve her, and
Well, that's a...
Neither hither nor yon.
I imagine.
I guess, it's probably more yon that hither.
Are you from New York?
Tucson, Arizona.
What does your family do?
I was afraid you'd ask.
My father owns banks.
Is that bad?
I know what you are thinking.
"Republicans, the one percent". But we are not.
We're just, totally Episcopalians, who happen to just be rich.
That's how my Ashley was.
Who's your Ashley?
My first wife.
The screening has some last minute changes.
Face saving changes.
How long does it run?
I guess I could shift my lunch plans.
One thing about New York City: you are here or you are nowhere.
You cannot achieve this level of anxiety, hostility and paranoia anywhere else.
It's really exhilarating.
Anyhow, I decided to treat myself to a cigarette holder,
I smoke too much.
So then who do I meet, but one of the most obnoxious
Welles Hey.
Troller.
I heard that you flanked out of freshman year.
He got thrown out of Princeton for passing bed checks.
No, I didn't hear about that. The big deal.
Because of his father he's got like the all-time golden parachute.
He could commit mass murder and he'd still have a cushy job waiting for him.
It's a weird way to put it. And Millstein is marrying Carol Durand.
Which, I'll never understand, because she resembles Yasser Arafat.
Not to mention she's an Ice Queen.
You can't believe everything.
What are you doing in town?
It's my girlfriend, I'm just showing her around for the weekend.
Amy is at Vassar. Big deal. I'm impressed.
Flat-chested. Like two dimes on a hanging board.
Amy was beautiful. Yeah, if you like Grace Kelly.
What are you in town for?
My girlfriend, she has an interview with Roland Pollard for the school paper.
Who's that?
It's a director. He did "Winter Memories", "Moonlight".
Oh yeah! I can't stand his flicks.
You should go and watch them shoot. You could be in it.
They're looking for volunteers.
With that cigarette holder you could be the perfect milk toast nerd.
I'm running a little bit late.
I wouldn't trust my girl with a big time Hollywood director.
Good to know.
You didn't ask me what I am doing. What are you doing?
I'm only pre-med.
We have paw at the boarding of Grenada.
I can't make lunch.
What? Why not?
I have to see his film. You do?
It's an unbelievable opportunity.
And then we're going to discuss it after and everything.
Thank you. Nevermind.
Just kiss me so I can really feel it in my toes.
I used to kiss your older sister, did she ever say anything about that or no?
I don't know, I don't recall. I think maybe she said you were a 4.
A 4, She said I was a 4, I don't know, maybe a 6.
Maybe a 6, I can't recall. Just this kiss, I want it to be hot.
If we are going to do it, let's do it right.
Good work ethic. Thank you.
Action.
Cut.
Are you going to keep your mouth closed?
I have a girlfriend, Chan. I don't think I can do this.
I'm sorry, I think I froze.
You have a girlfriend Who's your girlfriend?
Her name is Ashleigh, she's from Yardley.
She's from Tuscon originally.
Don't do this. making me sick.
Don't do this.
It's humiliating. It's a process, Rollie.
Your changes are shit. Rollie, sit down.
Everything that I did is shit. Not shit, different, different.
Mr. Pollard.
It's not different. Not all the changes work, but some are good.
Thank you for coming, Ashleigh, I need to get a little air.
Don't do this.
I need to think about. Don't! No booze.
Please, no booze. What?
Come on.
You just watched 2 hours of an existential steaming shit pile
It's a process, we do this every time. Ted, Ted.
Rollie, come on, back. Don't drink.
Oh, God.
It's a bar and the piano for tonight.
He's not at the hotel and he didn't show up for the press interview, so
I thought the film was full of wonderful things.
Me too. Tell him, you ... Tell him, tell Roland.
Because hearing that from me won't mean anything.
I'm always at this end of the argument, but you are fresh,
Especially a pretty one, maybe ... You may...
Come on, let's find him. Are you okay?
Yeah. Come on.
No, she's not gay, she's charming and beautiful.
And we were supposed to have this...
Goddamn weekend in the city together, and suddenly she's...
Parked down with all these interviews for the school paper.
She's ambitious, you should find that admirable.
One, it was supposed to be one little ... One tiny little, lousy, hour intervew.
Instead, you know. Lost the whole, goddamn, weekend.
Would you just relax?
I don't really know why? I'm having a hard time relaxing, Chan.
Because this was going to be a special weekend.
Instead I'm out here in a ...
Wandering streets, like Hagar in a goddamn desert or something.
Don't tell me, tell her. Tell her to get her priorities straight.
You want to drink some wine, walk in the rain and give her bronchitis.
Okay, look she's, apparently, onto a very big story.
She takes her job very seriously, alright?
Fine, then get over it.
I'm in the process of getting over it.
Unless you are worried somebody's hitting on her.
Is she interviewing attractive men?
I've never really thought about it. I don't know.
Some might say they are interesting.
Then maybe you better step in and assert yourself.
Do you think I have to be more demanding, I would.
These are like movie big shots she's hanging out with.
Suits, Yes, a director and a screenwriter.
Artists, they are usually passionate.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Okay, you're right, I have to call her now.
The sooner the better.
You think there's that much of a rush, I don't know.
Oh, Christ, alright.
It's your idea.
What do you think I should say?
There's nothing you can say. What do you mean?
Without sounding possessive.
Christ, Chan, you just encouraged me to call her.
Now I'm asking for your help
I can't talk to you right now. I'm kind of involved in the situation.
We have a number of things planned for today.
I'm very busy right now.
But, I really, I can't explain it over the phone.
Ashleigh, we were talking about one movie interview.
What could possible be so secretive about that?
What's so CIA?
Unless there's some funny business going on?
I'll talk to you later. Bye, Gatsby.
Oh, these, goddamn, cellphones are ...
I don't know, to me it sounds dubious to the max.
It sounds dubious to you because you have sinister mind.
You must really love her. I do, she's a breath of fresh air.
She's charming and delightful. She's pretty.
She's sexy and somehow at the same she's witty.
She sings very nicely. She plays the flute.
I don't know how to break this to you.
But I'm sick of hearing about her, okay?
Was that your boyfriend?
Gatsby. Yeah.
What's Gatsby do?
He goes to Yardley too.
Which he refers to as "Forced law on University."
He's not really focused professionally.
I think that in his wildest dreams he'd like to be Sky Masterson.
A Broadway bookieHe's a little eccentric.
I think it has to do with the fact that he and his mom never really hit it off.
She was always forcing him to read everything, and learn piano...
He is really smart.
He was one of those students who...
He doesn't have to study for a test and then he just aces it.
Sounds like me.
To tell you the truth.
Don't tell anybody, but I think he has a touch of Asperger's.
I'm going to get out of here too.
What are you doing now? Why?
Why, because I have a little bit of time to kill.
And I thought about going to Modern Museum.
Look at the WeeGee exhibit.
Oh, I see. You have nothing better to do so you want me to keep you company?
You know what, Forget it. I dated your older sister.
You've always had a little bit of an attitude, okay?
I'm not looking for any trouble.
I have to check out some paintings at the Mat's Profession Class.
If you want to keep me company.
I don't know why you couldn't have just...
Fine, it's going to be fun.
Alright, let me change, I'm soaked. Are you hungry?
I'd give you an Arizona lunch, but we are all out of beef jerky.
Brings back a lot of memories.
My folks are in East Hampton for the weekend.
How come you didn't go?
I've got a date tonight.
You?
Who's the unfortunate victim?
You wouldn't know him, he's a girlfriend's dermatologist.
It's romantic.
Don't forget to show him those three irregular black moles on your back.
I'm sure they're nothing.
I really hope I won't regret not going to the Hamilton's.
The beach is so pretty in the rain too.
I know! I know! Under the clock.
Which clock?
The Delacorte clock, where all the animals go around in Central Park.
I love it, it's very old movie.
My Mom and I used to watch old movies together all the time.
In my version he's waiting, the music plays.
And she never comes.
Or she's waiting and he chooses the other woman.
Can't they just kiss in the rain?
That sounds pretty good to me, even if it is commercial.
Picture yourself. Okay.
It's four minutes to six.
You're pacing up and down, rain drops have just started to fall.
You're at your Delacorte clock in Central Park.
Expecting your ...
Dermatologist.
But he just diagnosed a carcinoma in his own limp.
Would you give me a break, In my version, everything's fine.
He meets me, holds me, kisses me.
It's lovely. Nobody needs a biopsy.
Connie!
Connie! Ted.
Is this how you are shopping with Judy in Connecticut?
What are you doing here?
I happen to see you out the window, from the car.
By sheer chance.
She's a journalist.
I'm 21. She's 21.
She's 21, She's a journalist.
I have a proof of age, actually. No, you don't need this.
This always happens in bars.
I would like to make a press release about my husband.
Really, Can I write this down?
Sure, go ahead. Ashleigh, please.
Ask him how many times he has been unfaithful to me?
She's demented. You're demented.
Were all these women for a pleasure or for some project?
Stop filling her head with lies. Ashleigh, come here.
Take this address to the studio, okay, Find Rollie, come on.
Find Rollie. I don't know my way around New York.
It's okay, tell the cab driver...
I did take her to her first crap game.
I know and I loved that. I loved hearing every detail.
I was hoping she would get serious with you,
I thought you were a special idiot.
I'm glad I impressed you, Chan.
I remember Amy came home and she told me that you took her to
She told you about that, Every moist detail.
Now I embarrassed.
Don't be, that night she gave you a 6.
With a asterix.
She said you were a little tense.
Yeah, Central Park can be a little dangerous at 2 AM.
But very romantic. Okay.
And then it started to rain.
That was the best part.
Her hair got wet, her clothes started to cling to her body.
She started sneezing. I don't really remember that part.
Now that I think of it, Chan.
You always were around, giving me the fish eye.
You are just realising this now?
That's all you have to say?
You didn't think I was cute or attractive, anything?
You seemed fine.
You mean I had no physical deformities.
You know what, Chan, I wasn't really paying attention,
Amy would make her entrance, like a, goddamn, Miss America.
I'm sure Ashleigh is a beauty queen type.
She is, she was an actual first-place winner at her high school in Tuscon.
4H, right?
Yes, how did you guess?
Ink it in. Let's get out of here.
How can you say that when you're in the papers every week
Get in, get in. Where are we going?
Not now guys, not now.
Come on, give us a break! Come on! No!
Should I be in here?
Make yourself at home.
Would you like to sit down, No, no, no.
Would you like a drink, No thanks.
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Would I like to have what with you?
I have no plans, but to get an early bite and then.
You and I can go to a party together.
Party, Dinner?
What about Tiffany Griffinl though...
No, we just broke up.
I'm going to change into my street clothes.
While you think about it, okay?
Oh, Gosh.
Great, now I have to take Ashleigh to my Mom's, goddamn, party.
Why is that so bad?
Why is that so bad, Chan, Because I wanted to spend the night
These things have no meaning to me.
I noticed you haven't renounced your family's money.
What does that mean?
That means you could move out.
Get a job, put yourself through college.
Oh yeah, as of what?
Piano player in the dive.
Or, maybe a poker player, Dice hustler?
You're bad, Chan. You are going straight to hell.
There is something romantic about gamblers.
And old songs. Meeting under the clock.
Yeah, maybe in movies, but this is real life.
Real life is fine for people who can't do any better.
Who? Your skin doctor.
At least he knows enough not to wind up in the egyptian tomb.
Vega! Francisco!
Thanks for being here. It is always like this?
This is nothing.
I'm just signing one. Thank you, thank you for being here.
Sorry, we have to go. Sorry.
Francisco, who is the young lady, I'm no one.
What do you do? I'm no one really.
Where did you guys meet?
Let's go, come on.
No story here.
Okay, thank you. Thank you for being here.
Ciao, ciao, ciao.
That's it, that's it. Alright, thank you for coming, thank you.
There is so much the public wants to know about you.
Is it true that you were born on the Orient Express right outside of Budapest.
Are your 2 sisters as beautiful as you are?
Please be honest, but be modest.
They are, yeah.
Alcohol plays havoc on my cerebral neurons.
And how?
I lose my sensor.
I become loose, uninhibited.
passionate, aggressive, wicked.
Absurd.
Hello.
Is this where the poker game is?
Who are you? My name is Gatsby Welles.
Who? He's okay, that's Hunter's brother.
I'm just going to take Hunter's chair if that's alright.
Yeah, Hunter called and said you might sit in.
You sure you want to play this game?
He's alright. Hunter says he's a shark.
If you guys are worried, I have a little something.
This kid is loaded. Have a seat then, my friend.
I will call that.
This is crazy. Maybe something's happened to her?
Maybe she's in some kind of trouble.
Raise, two thousand.
Maybe the story led her into danger.
Maybe she was kidnapped or murdered.
Should I call the police?
Of course, it would be so embarrassing if she turn up alive.
Hey kid, do you going to call or not, That's two thousand dollars.
I raise you.
With temperature's in the 60s, rain is predicted this evening.
It will be heavy at times.
And more of it tomorrow, mostly cloudy
On a brighter note: Francisco Vega is in town
All our spies could find out is that she's
They were spotted later having drinks over candle light, and
How did you guys meet? Who's the girl?
Good luck, Francisco, we are all rooting for you.
That gorgeous couple, as if they need out help.
Jesus, I need a drink.
I need a drink. I need a cigarette.
What I really need is a Berlin ballad.
May I get you another?
Yeah, why don't you make it a double.
You want a double?
It's okay, I won't be operating any form of machinery.
Hello.
Mom, you have to give me a chance. I said I was going to be there tonight.
Ashleigh's fine.
Yes, I'll wear a tie and I'll be there on time, okay?
I can't really talk right now.
Francisco Vega. A bullshit actor.
This guy is incapable of a real moment.
Time flies.
Yeah, unfortunately, it flies, coach.
What's that supposed to mean?
It's not always a comfortable trip.
Tell me about it.
What are you doing here all alone?
Working.
What do you do?
I make dreams come true.
Just a little role playing.
What kind of party?
Just my Mom's big fall, bullshit blowout.
I won 15 G's in the poker game and I need a date with me.
Classy item, who answers the name of Ashleigh Enright.
I hope I'm dressed okay. Absolutely.
It's a little fancy.
These things can be a little boring, alright?
Thank you for coming.
Hey, Vega. How are you?
Very good. Good to see you.
This guy is the best cook.
Like a muse.
I think you had too much to drink today.
I know I have.
Come with me.
You can wake up every morning, smelling orange trees.
I'll talk to you about my new movie
You can smell the orange trees.
I think you are confusing me with this like total, other Ashley.
L-E-Y spelling.
I thought that was you!
Ashleigh.
You are here. I'm here.
Everybody's here. Roland's here.
I came with him. I was trying..
I apologise for today. It's okay.
You were very very understanding, thank you.
I felt really bad for you. No, no, no, I'm fine.
I'm fine, I'm about as well as it could be expected.
Yeah.
For a guy, that just discovered that
You're at the party! I am at the party.
I got home, I got to my appartment
I kept thinking about, I remembered what you said about my movies.
And I thought, my God, why is Ashleigh's
Yeslt's Tiffany! I'm home!
I thought you two weren't together anymore.
No, we... Oh no!
Wait a second.
It's going to be fine.
You said that you weren't together anymore.
Yeah, I know...
You know what, you have to hide there.
Go behind that door.
Go, she can't see you. Go.
Surprise! Hi! What are you doing here?
We wrapped 2 days early.
I'm so glad you are home it's starting to pour.
I just got off the plane.
I bet you weren't expecting me.
I'm loving this.
It was pretty nice, actually.
We got in a sort of a crazy conversation.
For the first time in my life she surprised me in a good way.
Now I feel closer to her.
Must have been a big talk. What did you discuss?
The oldest profession.
Journalism?
That's the second oldest.
Hold up. You know the names of your teeth?
Don't you?
I don't even know the name of my father.
Ow, I just bit my tongue.
Ah! Number 12 just joined the party.
I'd stop doing that right now.
You just made it into Oleg's spank bank.
Congratulations.
What am I gonna do without my bite guard?
My teeth don't know where to go.
Well, maybe they should just backpack for a couple of years,
Listen, perfect teeth,
Oh, you're back.
We thought you ran away.
Chestnut and I were just about to pick out
I had quite a day.
8:00 to 10:00... Grind, grind, pain.
10:00 to 11:00... Pain, pain, grind.
So I went to the drug store
So you're not funny in Japanese either.
I got this at a corner deli.
The cashier was Japanese.
She said it was good.
Oh, I'm sure it's great.
What?
You have a museum in your closet?
Come on, it's just a bathroom.
Just a bathroom?
It's the Louvre of pooping.
Here it is.
Do you two need to be left alone?
We have to go.
Can't risk staying much longer.
Wow. Just when I thought your voice couldn't get any more grating.
It'll loosen up.
Seriously, we should go.
Oh, um, I just have to do one thing before we go.
I think me and your tub are going steady.
Oh, you found the jacuzzi button.
I don't know who found who,
What do you mean?
Giving up everything that you had.
The maids, the closet, the dentist, the sushi, the tub.
All of it. The tub.
I almost can't give it up,
You're kind of a badass.
Max, you just called me a badass.
I'm drunk on black truffle.
It's my dad!
Wait, he actually exists?
Like the townhouse and the tub?
The tub.
Are you worried someone's gonna pin a murder on you?
So what's your plan,leave the body
That's exactly what we're going to do.
Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows,
FBI. Hold your fire.
MAN:FBI?
Start rolling.I have Burrows and Scofield in custody.
We're coming out.Hold your fire.
Hold up, who are you?
Yeah, good luck,Gilligan.
I'm going to take a leak.
How are you going to know where you're going?
Do you have, like,a map or anything?
Yeah. I do.
Uh.. Scofield said something about 450 miles in six hours.
450 miles to where?
I don't know.
450 miles in six hours.
Any point on this circle
Six hours from when they made the video.
They go in have to president
was immediately dismissed by the Justice Department
The terror threat has been raised to Orange
It's what they do.
They can spin it all they want,
I did not murder Terrence Steadman.
Okay, there.
The eyes.
See it?
Yeah, slight shift to the left, then up.
Yeah, blink rate's up here versus the pattern.
LINCOLN:He committed suicide last night in the Cutback Motel
Seems so.
Okay, here,Burrows,
He's protecting himself.
We'll do whatever it takes..
Not a lot of confidence in these words.
.... like they happen in the line of duty.
Okay, that means something other than what he's saying.
Like our father Aldo Burrows..
Posture, shoulders in, for emphasis.
Really wants your attention here.
Our attorney, Veronica Donovan...
The North Platte river runs through the city.
Maybe they're trying to use..
It doesn't mean anything.
He's traveling with an ex-Secret Service guy.
I'm guessing they're spoon-feeding uS every lead
So all this is just a distraction
They had to know the tape would be discredited.
They had to know that we'd talk to the cameraman.
Much blame has been placed on another innocent person,
Sara, if you're listening,
I took advantage of you,
.... of your commitment to help others
I've considered many ways to apologize,
There's more of the same here.
Uh, body language, his tells..
If you ask me, it doesn't look like he means this at all.
I don't care what it looks like.Play it again.
I don't see... Play it again.
I... I guess you could say that.
I did say that.Would you say that?
I wish I could do this differently.
but it's too late for that now.Yeah.
It's too late for you and for others.
People murdered by government operatives...
This isn't about Terrence Steadman,
What do you mean? They're not going after the president;
your sense of humor is 82,
But, you know, we wouldn't mind seeing those numbers
So, I'm going to get some writing samples from
Great.
I am really interested in knowing how people feel
Yeah.
Right. You know, so we don't
And that's only because people don't seem to care.
That's interesting.
With that said, if you could broker some deal
Well, that's perfect.
I mean, we've been looking for an opening
All right.
What's this I hear about an environmental treaty thing?
It's the Global Rehabilitation Initiative, sir.
It's been on your desk for the last three weeks.
Yeah, well, we ran it up the flagpole
Sir, you are the flagpole.
What a momentous day,
I never thought I'd see it.
Well, I mean, a lot of people are gonna say
I wouldn't want my wife making any decision
You know what? Fuck you guys. I quit.
Looks like it's someone's time of the month.
Looks like Aunt Flow
Jesus Christ! Quick, quick, cut!
Hi! I'm the First Mister of the United States of America.
My name is Fred Field.
Thait's 13!
Astrid takes the game!
Yep, Berk is pretty much perfect.
All of my hard work has paid off.
And it's a good thing, too,
the world just got a whole lot bigger.
Enemies again.
Locked in combat to the bitter.
You know that doesn't wash out.
So, what should we name it?
"Itchy armpit" It is.
What do you reckon, bud?
Think we might find a few Timberjacks in those woods?
The odd Whispering Death or two in the rocks?
Who knows, maybe we'll finally track down
Wouldn't that be something.
So, what do you say?
Just keep going?
Avoiding my dad.
Oh, no. What happened now?
Oh, you're gonna... You're gonna love this.
I wake up, the sun's shining,
And-and second
Hiccup, that's amazing!
Y-you're gonna wear out the spring coil.
The calibration is very sensitive.
Yeah, So... this is
What did you tell him?
I-I didn't.
By the time he turned around, I was gone.
Well... it's a lot of responsibility.
The map will have to wait, for sure,
All those speeches and planning and running the village,
mean... chief
I'd be pretty excited.
I-I... I'm not like you.
You. know exactly who you are,
I'm still looking.
I know that I'm not my father,
Hah! Dragon trapping is hard enough work as it is
There are other dragon riders?
You mean other than your thieving friend from last night? You tell me.
You may have an ice-spitting dragon on your side,
How do you suppose we explain this mess
Drago what-fist?
Does anything you say make sense?
He's expecting a new shipment of dragons
And Drago don't take well to excuses!
This is what he gave me
He promised to be far less understanding in the future.
All right, look, we don't know anything about a dragon thief
Just give us back our dragon, and we'll go..
Strange, hostile person whom we've never met.
Oh, where are my manners?
These guys were trappers.
Dragon trappers.
ou should have seen their fort.
All blown apart and stuck in giant spikes of ice.
It was weird
A-and worst of all, they thought we did it!
You know, you two are gonna get yourselves
Not everyone appreciates this way of life.
Aye, Gobber's right, son.
Best we keep to our own.
Besides, you'll have more important uses for your time.
Once we make the big announcement!
They are building a dragon army.
Or-or at least the guy they work for is. Uh..
"Dargo.. bloody fist" Or something
Or mine!
Ugh! You're such a moron.
A beautiful moron.
You heard the man! Lock it down!
No dragon or viking
Wait, because some guy you knew is stirring up trouble
Because Drago Bludvist is a madman
And if he's built a dragon army,
Get them into their pens!
Aye, Stoick.
Quickly!
Until he wrapped himself in his cloak
The rooftop suddenly burst into flames,
was the only one to escape.
Men who kill without reason cannot be reasoned wich.
Maybe.
Hiccup!
I'm still going to try.
Where have you.
been all this time?
What-what have you been doing?
But they-they said you were dead!
Everyone thinks you were eaten by
Unbelievable
No. I-I don't know. I
It's not every day you find out your mother
At least I'm not boring, right?
Well, I suppose there is that..
one specific thing
Dude, you should be happy.
You're getting what you wanted.
I'm the one who's getting screwed.
This isn't what I wanted, Chris.
I remember this thing.
I'm trying to solve this, okay?
How are you solving this in the creepy attic?
Uh. It's dumb.
You know, there's this one last scholarship where I have
I mean, I thought there'd be something up here.
I can't find anything I can use.
Hey, what is this?
When did we get a video camera?
Oh, that's Dad's old camera, yeah. Remember that?
Dude, is that. That can't be
David, you are just seeing what you want to see.
Maybe, I don't know,
Nobody's messed with it.
It's been in my attic for 10 years.
Look, it's obviously like a relative or something, David.
Yeah, that's good. Then somebody crosses frame.
Quinn, go here.
Actually, move the camera to the left a little.
Okay.
And you, back to the right.
That's perfect, that's perfect.
Wait, wait. Split that difference.
Uh, there. That's perfect. Don't move.
Right here. So what am I doing? We're just standing here?
Well... I mean, I guess technically,
Still... Slow down for one second, okay.
Let's just all take a beat here
So it could actually be real, right?
It's possible.
We should try to build it.
You guys, my dad messed around with a bunch of junk down here.
Why would he hide junk then?
Okay, I know you'd like to think that
I think this glass thing is,
You guys are..
You guys are crazy. We can't build
1 mean, did you see the tape at your seventh birthday?
I mean, I think we already did build it.
Shit.
Cello
Who were you talking to, Dad?
He's just a friend, David.
He's here to fix something. I won't be gone long.
Promise?
Of course, I promise.
Here.
It is February 18th, 2014.
My brother has officially lost his mind.
He genuinely believes he is building a time machine
It's cool you hang out with us.
You guys are my ride home, Adam.
What happened to your pants?
All the batteries are fried.
This battery flew up and almost hit me.
Dude, it did hit me.
Film everything
I mean, it must be a prototype.
Jet me see it.
It's DARPA. They have access to more technology than we do.
Intentional obsolescence. You've got to love it.
Oh, WOW. This is
Where the hell do we get one of those?
You owe me a new Xbox, dude.
Okay, you know what, guys? Just don't talk to me for a while.
When you love something, Quinn, you have to set it free.
This isn't a joke to me, Christina, okay?
This is my life here.
Right there, right there.
Wow. What the hell is that?
Uh, some kind of navigation program.
No, this was 12 years ago my dad made the schematics.
They didn't have the technology.
Trust me, welcome to 2014
You enter the time here,
We're Doctor Who. Who's Doctor Who?
Dude, I am sorry for every mean thing I've ever said to you.
I feel like you might need this.
No, I don't need that.
Hey, guys, are we in position?
Wait, let me get my helmet.
Relax, the switch is cold.
I thought you just said it was cold!
It's off!
Guys!
Holy shit, are you guys seeing this?
Does it hurt? Whac's it ike?
What's my hand doing?
David, the battery's overheating!
Are you okay?
Yeah. That was.. That was awesome
Does this seem familiar to you?
Oh, my God.
Okay, so I was wrong. That's definitely you.
I mean, you guys, we're, uh,
What do you mean done? Without hydrogen, no fusion.
Without fusion, there's no time travel
t's not a matter of cost.
No, no, no, no.
They're fried.
Really?
You guys, we haven't had a night off in weeks.
Why don't we just, you know,
Then how the hell are we supposed to do this?
This thing just keeps eating through batteries, man.
We need a really strong power source.
Something that can recharge itself as it puts out power.
It's nickel-metal hydride. Oh, my God, how did I not
What the hell is he doing?
Beats me.
Why is he getting Jessie Pierce to park in our driveway?
Right there's good.
Whoa! Jessie Pierce drives?
I assumed she just, like, appeared out of thin air,
You guys coming to the party?
Get the fire extinguisher!
Oh, my God. My car!
So, what's with the backpack?
I'm reducing the width of frame
So we could just walk around with it?
It'd only weigh 8 pounds.
The whole thing?
Goldberg! It's time for your presentation.
Did that guy just say "presentation"?
All right, everybody, settle down.
Quinn, you didn't study?
You've been to Petco, right?
You've seen all the white mice?
Quinn, enough with the Fetco.
We have to take this step by step.
Be very conscious of what we're doing.
Right, but shouldn't the next step be, like,
It's not You know, this is not a toy.
We need to take it step by step..
I'm not saying it's a toy, but like..
I mean, there's a lot of things we have to think about.
Hey, what is that?
No, I got my wallet. Never mind. I thought it was...
Thought it was on my side of the car?
No, I was just checking my backpack.
Thank you for the ride.
You're welcome, David. I'll see you, uh... See you at school.
Dude, how have you never seen Timecop?
Quit saying that like it's a bad thing
You can't go back and give yourself information about the future
I's not a magic wand, it's Just kinda a time machine.
Cool, thanks, man.
Okay, right there, you guys. You're broke.
You're getting bullied. I'm failing high school.
You know, let's take this thing out for a spin.
Cheers to that.
Experiment four, "Bait and Switch."
I forgot my gym clothes.
He's coming, he's coming
Chris, go stop him before he gets to Chemistry.
Hey, Quinn, hey, what's up?
Um, Lou's sick, Class is canceled.
There's no sub?
See you after class. Okay, let that be a lesson.
Comprehension.
Who doesn't know the atomic weight of fluorine?
Why did he ask him that?
Okay, so fluorine is 15.2.
Then why are you texting him at 3:00 in the morning?
Silicon, are you kidding?
Goldberg, this is about com...
Comprehension, not memorization, I know.
You're kidding. We have to do this again?
This is hel. This is what hell is like
I know everything backwards and forwards.
Then why are you texting him at 3:00 in the morning?
Yeah
He subjugated the what?
He subjugated the what of the
He subjugated..
He just texted me, I swear. Hey.
Yo, what's wrong with your face?
What?
You're smiling, like huge.
What are we doing here, David?
Yeah. What are we doing here?
It's a surprise.
I like surprises. Shut up!
No one cares what you like.
I should be in trig, David.
I know, I know. Don't worry, we'll just be gone one minute.
All right, guys.
Who wants to push this thing back three months?
Dude, I'm supposed to be in gym right now!
I'm never going home!
Oh, here. The schedule.
We're not gonna see gangsta rap over Vampire Weekend. That's dumb.
You guys, wait, you guys. Guys.
We don't have to argue. This already happened.
It's all on Instagram.
I know what was sick and what wasn'. Dude, look.
All right, let's go do it.
Adam! Adam, hey, will you hold the camera?
Oh, my God.
What with Jessie? We were just talking!
Seriously, David? She left the door wide open.
No, no, she didn't
It's okay. It's all right, man.
Let's have fun. Let's just have fun. It's all right.
I'm burning up. We gotta go. Okay?
I mean, we gotta go.
I'm gonna get some water. We gotta go soon!
What happened to your shirt?
We were there for nime hours!
But we were only gone for 41 seconds!
Dr. Lou still thinks I'm on my bathroom break!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! That was the best!
Best day of my life!
That was the most fun I've ever had in my entire life!
I love you.
I don't know what happened. It's insane.
Have you guys seen Jess?
Uh, yeah, but you know what?
I think she just said that she's really busy or something
You're kidding me.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
Whatever, I quit.
I'm inherently good at video games.
All right, who's next?
Hey, you don't want to play?
No, I'm kind of tired
Sorry, dude!
No problem.
"Before the world ends, I have to fall in love."
Totally. I heard it's really fun.
I'm gonna go grab a water.
Hey.
You got to get over here right now!
Quinn, hold on, slow down.
Oh, my God.
Are you seeing this?
I just don't understand how this is even possible.
ow do we not remember this
I mean, we have the means, right?
This is what we should be doing in the first place,
David, look at this. There was a plane crash, David.
Seventy-seven people on board a flight from London to Madrid.
It happened five days ago.
Wait, wait. Are you saying that Lollapalooza caused a plane crash?
Because that sounds crazy, dude.
Look, I'm not crazy, okay. It's cause and effect.
Somehow we caused the basketball team to not make the playoffs.
Our captain, Justin Xelly, broke his leg on March 1st, right?
We all know that never happened.
Then the basketball team didn't make the playoffs,
And it just kept spreading
David
But where did you jump to?
1I doesn't matter. It's done
Stop it! Stop it.
We don't have to undo everything, okay.
We ust have to make sure Justin doesn't break his leg at Walker's party.
We can fix it, man! You gotta trust me. I can fix it.
You can fix it? By yourself?
Yeah, you broke the pact once and now you're gonna do it again?
Jesus, David.
1 mean, did you ever stop to think that maybe
No, I didn't.
Well, you know what I would have done?
If I was as smart as you, if I could have built a time machine?
Oh, shit. Come on! Come on!
There he is! Stop him!
David Raskin, Aclanta F D
I see him! David, stop!
Get on the ground, David!
The suspect was last seen headed towards the school.
You guys take the front.
Stevens, come with me around the back. Let's move!
Take the other side. Let's go.
Oh, shit!
Suspect inside.
ick down the door. Kick down the door. Go!
So you take my keys and you disappear forever.
I need to go back to the beginning.
The timelines crisscross.
Ten years total.
You look just like him.
Wait. You came all the way to Yemen looking for him.
You think he was lost or something?
Come on.
You want to live?
The airport's the only option.
The airport's known as the main artery to the outside world.
It's the first thing ISIL will shut down.
Planes were flying an hour ago. You got a phone?
No, but he does.
Burned it up jacking off to Queen, though.
Guilty as charged.
C-Note's organizing a passage on the flight as we speak.
No, I can do this.
You really paid the equivalent of ten million rial
Not just any ashes, man.
Freddie Mercury's ashes.
I would've paid twice that.
Come on.
Keep your head down.
I think it's time we get sane and head to the airport.
No, no, no.
This is better. They control the station.
They'll never think to look for US here now.
I can see the murderers now.
Where?
Not so fast.
Bring your weapons, I will stay on them.
And I call the shots now.
We checked. There's enough fuel to get us out of Yemen.
Question is, can you fly an old bird like this?
We'll find out.
There's another station, 30 miles outside Sana'a.
We can find a way there, hop a train.
They won't anticipate US coming that way.
Doubling down on a bad bet.
Just like you did seven years back with the CIA.
Pay them whatever it took to make them go away.
More than they were already making:
Look, I, uh.
I had a tracker in it, Sara.
This little thing, but they didn't touch it.
I contacted the police before the meet,
We nailed them.
Jacob.
I am so sorry I put you through this.
Let's do this.
A wrench and a pipe against AKs.
It'll be fun.
I've always wanted a crack at these bastards.
DI paid my dues D
More will be here soon.
What do we do now?
I need to take a break from making decisions.
Linc, airport?
Airport.
I got someone I want you to talk to.
Oh, man!
Now that's a voice I never thought I'd hear again.
Man, you got some explaining to do, brother,
Where can we meet you?
Uh, hangar two. Right off the main runway.
But you better hurry your ass up.
Hangar two?
We could be there in 20 minutes.
You'll stay with me when he's at Comic-Con or away for work.
Or if they accept Daddy's application to live on Mars.
What are you talking about?
Oh, there's this company
What should we name him?
You know, I came in thinking "Seth, " but..
he kind of looks Italian.
You applied for a mission
Would you have approved?
Of course not.
Well, based on your reaction,
Isn't that right, Giuseppe?
You're not gonna have time to glue it back on..
you'll have to nail it.
With what?
Does she have any pillows or wine glasses?
She does.
Great.
Neither of those. Try a hammer!
Did that feel good?
You feel like a big man now?
Don't do drugs.
Stay in school.
Luke wants to quit magic.
That's not happening.
Well, see you guys at dinner.
Sweetheart, don't you even want to talk about this?
What's to talk about? The kid's a natural!
Okay, let's play this out.
Even if he is one in a million,
He becomes, what..
A professional magician!
Honey, the boy has a gift.
You wanna just throw that away?
I don't think it's about throwing it away.
I'm sorry I don't like magic as much as you,
This isn't about magic.
No, it's about my life and you controlling it.
Look, you made a commitment. You will honor that commitment.
Ugh! I hate it here!
Luke!
All right, young ladies and gentlemen,
Let's settle down
That's right, my friends, we got treble,
And sometimes she can be downright a-funky!
Train wreck.
There's no way he ran this past Mitchell.
Daddy always parks in the back of the school.
I know, sweetie, but, uh,
Because we're late?
No, we're, like, a minute late, and that's 'cause of traffic.
And because I tipped over.
You didn't snap my car seat right.
Okay, well, it certainly didn't hurt your memory any.
All right, here's your lunch.
You spilled it!
Oh! Why is the top open?
Daddy always zips it for me.
Maybe you should zip its
Okay, louder with the mouth trumpets.
Okay. Great. Well, thank you so much.
And, um, I thought it was a great first day.
And I love the give-and-take, everyone.
And, um...
Hey, dad. How's Frisco?
My meetings ended early.
I didn't even have to spend the night.
And don't say "Frisco."
Anyway, I haven't slept in a week.
Gloria's snoring like a water buffalo.
Aw. Well, she's pregnant. It's uncomfortable.
What, she put on 15? 20? 25? 30?
We're not doing this again. How do I bring it up?
Well, for starters, you don't.
You suck it up.
Dad, your hot wife
I'm just so tired.
It's a small sacrifice
We're done.
All right, here we go: How's this?
That's not the kind we get.
Okay:
Just checking in on me again?
Yeah. Just wanted to see if you got Lily.
Oh. Yeah. Any questions about the..
about the grocery list?
No, we're just picking up the granola.
So how was it? How was the big debut?
Was it a comfortable ride around the schoolyard
Well, I stood and delivered.
Thank you for sarcastically asking.
Yeah
Yes. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm on the other line with him right now.
Oh, well, I should probably let you go.
Keep your eye on Lily. She has a tendency to wander off.
You lost her, didn't you?
No. No, no, no, no.
No, she is right next to me. Hi, honey.
I can hear it in your voice. Look in the dairy case.
Cam, do you honestly think that I would lose..
the doors don't pull. They slide.
You never saw me.
Thank you very much.
Look, um, I thought about it,
Trust me. I know what's best for you.
And watch your time. In the stage version,
I hate this! Why are you making me do this?
Use that anger, Lukini.
Let it be the key that opens the vault of fear...
that holds the chalice of hope
In a few short minutes...
Boo!
Hey, hey, hey! Remember what we're gonna do, okay?
Spooky. Why is the door open?
Boo!
Oh, my gosh! It's my favorite niece!
What's up, bro?
What is on that face of yours, Uncle Mike?
What? Oh, you like this?
You fertilizing it? Is that Monsanto?
That's funny. Is this a rental?
This is ridiculous!
You look good. Your mustache..
She's not European. She's American.
Two weeks? Really? I thought you said two days.
He just got dumped over email. He's devastated.
Babe, his bag is his whole apartment. It's huge.
Just making a rainbow.
It's okay.
Sorry.
Yeah, we didn't use that vase, anyway.
Look at that little artist we got here.
I'm done with my card, too.
Yeah.
Yeah, Merry Christmas.
Happy fucking Holidays.
Festive.
Yoga retreat? Is that what you said?
Yeah. It's a week-long yoga retreat.
You're here for rehab, right?
No, I'm not here for rehab!
Let's be honest. Just call it what it is.
I'm here for a yoga retreat!
Vodka? Vermouth? What's your poison?
It's just yoga. And I thought it'd be nice to come up here
Kids love those. Yeah, man. Check it out.
Oh, my God. This is our dad's old...
Santa suit. Santa suit.
Oh, Em, that angel is gorgeous.
Yeah!
That was awesome! Give me a high five.
I love her so much.
Okay.
I think I'm done over here, buddy.
Yeah, yeah, it's... Well, it's not abstract.
I think it's Christmassy.
Looks great. It'll look great in the front yard.
Yeah.
The neighbors will love it.
It's just two robust reindeer going at it.
Two boys going at it.
Hey, bud, no judgment.
Why don't you actually do some real work?
Go grab me a... .
You did a great job!
We were coming around the corner,
Did you ask her why she was here?
She was like comatose.
I don't know if she heard us.
It was like she was sleepwalking.
I don't know what she was doing.
And I love you. Okay?
I'm so sorry. Right. Uh
What's going on?
Right. Okay.
Well, I'm gonna be there in 15 minutes.
Lee, look at your mother.
Can you look at me, please?
Tobi is my friend.
Lee, he's not your friend.
He is not. No.
Okay?
And Mommy and Daddy don't want you talking to him anymore.
Lee, promise us you're gonna stop talking to Tobi.
I promise.
I'm on the phone.
Could you come out here for a minute, honey?
I heard a strange noise outside.
You're always hearing strange noises.
Yeah, I'll be out in a sec.
I gotta go. My crazy mom is imagining things again.
'Kay. Talk to you later.
O kay.
So, no word?
You think we should call the police?
I don't want them coming here for all the neighbours to see
If we don't hear anything by morning,
Mom?
Mom, what happened?
When I was little, my mother tried to curl my hair.
Oh, well. We cried
She named me Katrina so that she could call me Kat,
Back to the problem at hand, getting Phil to fuck me.
Well, have you talked to him about it?
I tried. All he says is that, he's got a lot on his mind,
I know. I know Phil's not the brightest crayon in the box.
That is the understatement of the century.
That's what I kind of like about him, you know?
He's just simple.
I know that sounds perverse, but he's kind of like my dad in that way.
You can scratch the surface and there's just more surface.
I'm gonna get straight C's!
Show me
Phil is literally the boy next door.
And when he and his mother moved in last year, I instantly despised him.
He was so dull and stupid. I made fun of him.
Even earned a special nickname: Garbage.
But then, one night that summer,
Me, Beth and Mickey, we were doing what we did every Wednesday.
Oh, tell me about it. Every week it's the same fucking people
Oh, my God.
What?
Look what the bats dragged in.
What the hell is Garbage doing here?
Oh, shit, he's coming over here.
Oh, God, what a fucking freak.
GuyS, be cool. Come on.
Hey.
Fhil is, he's so excited
Sorry, I didn't know anyone was here.
Fhil, this is Kat's mother, Mrs. Connors.
Hey.
She just... came by to say hello.
Okay.
Well, I'm just gonna head to my room.
He's a nice boy.
You can rest assured, Eve, that my Phil will take good care of your daughter.
He's rented a tux, and everything
If your mother was so unhappy,
God, I have no idea.
Because he was there? I mean, he wanted to marry her.
She had no other choice, maybe?
I mean, she went to college, and she was working as a receptionist,
I guess life with my father must have been pretty bleak and miserable for her.
The night before she left I noticed that she started dressing different.
What do you mean, different?
Can't say that I have.
Okay. Sorry to bother you, Mrs. Connors.
Mrs. Connors sounds so formal. Call me Eve.
All right.
You know, the time when I was your age doesn't seem so far away to me.
Well,
Fhil, would you like to have dinner with us tonight?
Oh, God, that's so hot.
One day I hope some musky macho stud will fuck the shit out of me too.
Oh, it'll happen.
Oh, yeah. When? When?
I'm so proud of you.
Why? Because I fucked an old guy?
Yeah. I mean, don't take this the wrong way, Kat,
Oh, my God. What are you talking about?
I mean, you lost all of that weight, like, what, three years ago?
Jixe a fat chick. Like me.
And Mickey, who's basically a fat chick in a skinny gay body.
You're crazy. t's true.
Mr. Connor, this is Sheryl from the Loma Linda Police Department.
I'm pleased to inform you that you passed your lie detector test.
Thank you for your cooperation, and have a nice day.
Why would your dad need to take a lie detector test?
I have no idea.
Well, do you think the cops think he knows something?
My dad? Beth, have you met him?
You look up clueless in the dictionary and there's a picture of him.
Do you want me to leave?
What? No. Whatever. I'm sure it's nothing
Kids didn't spend too much money at the mall, I hope?
Nope. I just picked up a few things.
Hey, dad, there was a... . message for you,
Is there news about your mother?
No. They said that you passed the lie detector test?
Well, whoop-dee-do. So, you going to join us for dinner, Beth?
I.I don't think so, Mr. Connors.
Dad, why would they want you to take a lie detector test?
Beats me. It's standard procedure in cases like this, I guess.
Mom?
What is it? What's going on?
Is Phil a good fuck?
Go to bed, mom.
Don't you turn your back on me!
Seriously, just go back to bed.
We've only been dating for a couple of months.
So? That's enough to know that he's hot, and smart,
Cindy, you met Phil once, for a weekend.
Yeah, that was enough.
Whatever.
And you think you've changed?
Oh, yeah. I'd say so. I mean, I definitely feel more comfortable in my own skin.
School's going well?
And I assume you haven't heard from your mother.
Nope. Not a word
I don't know. It's kind of gotten to the point where
No problem, sweetheart.
Kat, this is May. May, Kat.
I'm so happy we finally get the chance to meet.
I've heard so much about you.
Oh, me too.
I just don't want it to be awkward for you.
Dad, I told you I am thrilled that you met someone.
Seriously, you deserve to be happy.
Took off your wedding ring
I put it back on when she's not around.
Why bother? I mean, mom left us.
She's the one who made that choice. I accept that now.
It's about time we et on with our lives.
Mom:
Whac?
I was doing the dishes and the water was so cold.
There was a spoon at the bottom of the sink, and
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Just have strange dreams sometimes.
Oh, yeah?
Used to get them all the time. It's actually the first one I've had in weeks.
Hardly ever talk about your mother.
There's not much to say. She's gone
I don't think I agree with that.
What do you think my dreams mean?
You really want my opinion?
As you know, we did an exhaustive search for your mother.
Exhaustive? You guys barely even looked for her.
Actually, a very thorough investigation was done
Not a single trace was ever found.
Whatever.
So where do you think she is?
J think she's dead.
Wait.. whatever. Even if my mom did have a boyfriend,
What?
W ha
We did a thorough background check on your father.
Several interviewees told us
My dad is a fucking wimp.
That's why he used to drive my mom crazy.
Not according to Bob and Margie Carlsen.
Who are they?
to live next door to them in Riverside
Put those muscles to good used for a change.
That's better. That's it. Come on, give it a whack.
You're already here?
Yeah. I was just helping your mom with dinner.
Unlike some people.
Hi, Mrs. Hillman. It's Kat. I'm sorry, were you in bed?
Oh, oh, no. I... I was just lying down.
I... I haven't been feeling well.
Well, I'm sorry to bother you. But.. is Phil here?
No. He isn't.
Do you know where he is?
What the hell is going on down here?
Nothing. We're just talking, and drinking champagne.
Well, it's time for your friends to leave.
What are you talking about?
You heard me, Kat. The party is over.
Are you joking?
Dad, I hate to break it to you, but I'm a fuckin' adult.
You can't tell me what to do
And I'm saying your friends need to go home, now.
Oh, my God. What is your problem?
Cool it. It's... it's okay, Kat.
Bye, Kat. Have a safe flight, all right?
You too.
Hey.
Are you all right?
You look drunk.
Oh, yeah?
Look who's talking
What do you mean?
I came by your house last week
Really?
I didn't get the message.
What did you want to talk to me about?
Just been thinking about a lot of things.
You know, I feel like after.
my mother left, everything changed between us.
We were different. You were different.
Everything was different after that.
Fhil, where were you that day? You were supposed to pick me up from school.
I told you. I was at Thomas'
It doesn't matter anymore. You don't have to lie.
I just cannot keep living my life in the dark just, like, fucking wondering!
I can't help you, Kat.
I'm sorry.
But I will tell you one thing
He's been keeping her up his sleeve this whole time.
What do you mean?
Don'f ask me
I'm leaving.
You can't leave.
You're a suspect in the mysterious murder of Stuart Bloom.
I didn't know his last name was Bloom.
Yeah, it's Bloom.
Are you really gonna lie on the floor
What do you think I was gonna do at home?
A gazelle blessed with a flair for storytelling.
Hey, what about this? It looks like a receipt.
What's it for?
For a cup of coffee.
But it's dated 20 years from now.
From the future?!
How fun and imaginative.
So one of us came back from the future
Does the gazelle with a flair for storytelling
That's one small step for man,
Okay, okay. Everything is fine.
You played some baseball, got a little upset.
Lightning shut out of your butt, and now they're coming for you.
All right, all right. Earth isn't safe anymore.
Again, fair.
Wait... Where are all the mushrooms?
Why am I still on Earth? What did...
Oh, no, I lost my rings!
What?
Guac.
No kids allowed in here.
What's he got on, some kinda mask?
He's actually 43 years old,
That stunts his growth, and makes him look...
like... like that.
The face I was born with,
Make us a Mellow Yellow please.
Okay.
You owe me one.
I've never sat on a bar stool before.
I'm sorry. Did we get this on camera?
How are you not dead?
I have no idea.
But do you see me dancing?
Yes, I saw your dance.
Is that all you've got?
No, but thank you for asking.
Sonic!
Get back in the truck!
You go, I'll catch up.
I think that tank just had a baby.
Incoming!
It's my turn!
You just had one. It's mine!
Hey, stop fighting, or I'm taking that thing away!
Yeah, right, Dad.
Where are you going?
Just drive the car.
I'll take care of this.
And if I don't make it, just ditch me,
Really?
I kinda feel like I checked the 'save the life'
Now all I wanna do
I wanna check that box.
Okay. I like that.
All right, everybody. Nothing to see here.
From their neighbors.
That's why,in the suburbs,there is nothing more deceptive than a smile.
So what did julie say,exactly?
She said dylan's not the same girl.
Not the same girl like she's changed,
I know it sounds weird,but julie says dylan does not remember anything about living here.
Well,maybe she blocked it out.
rainy day fund,they could make me testify against you.
But if I were your wife..
how are they going to find out?
Oh,honey,people talk... angry people disappointed people.
Come on.Say your line.If's my birthday.
Why n't I go check if there are some other ones?
No,no,l don't need magazines.I need company.
Sit down.You've been bouncing around since you got here.
So...
how do you like being the first lady of fair view:
I'm fine.
So tell me something.When you go to a ribbon cutting,
You must be freezing.
You know,l have the cutest shawl in the car,
Boy,you really don't wannabe here,do ya?
I'm fine.
did I ever tell you about my father?
He had cancer,too.
Started in the liver,went into his bones,
Thanks for that encouraging story.
I'm not finished.
Those last weeks,every day we thought we were gonna lose him.
But after several failed attempts,
she did have the key...
to katherine's house.
oh,hey what's up?
I was doing a little baking,and I was wondering if I could borrow something.
Sure.What do you need... flour,Sugar?
What is going on? Just give yourself some choices, mate
57 grand in debt.
And what, working in a call centre now
f course.
Yeah, but it don't have to be like that, does it?
There's good jobs out there.
Well, it says leave it in the garden shed. Fill that card in, love
Fuck off, you fucking bastard! Get to fuck!
Fucking twat.
Fuck's sake.
There's a doo round there with massive teeth
You owe my dad
It was on the walls, all over me.
I've... I'm covered in scratches off her
Well, listen. Just calm down.
Don't tell us to calm down! Are you gonna pay us me extra hour?
But it's affecting everybody in the house.
My daughter, Liza Jane, she's.
she's 11 and she's not sleeping right and.
My wife's up the wall with it.
So, erm
I'm not finishing till late.
Why are you asking me?
Just get a replacement driver, won't cost you a penny
But, erm
Ive been speaking to the drivers as well
But, erm... Well, it's not that easy.
It's good you're using your initiative, though It shows planning ahead.
Yeah
It's just, erm
I mean, even five days would be good.
I had four drivers in here last week.
First driver's sleeping on his mate's couch cos his wife's kicked him out.
Second driver, his sister had a stroke.
Third driver, he's got fucking piles and needs an operation.
Fourth driver, his daughter tried to commit suicide.
I can go on
My old man was a farmer. He milked cows.
All the complaints, the rage, the anger, the hate, I soak it all up
Do you wanna know why 'm number one?
Cos I keep this happy
They couldn't sive a shit if you fall asleep at the wheel
All they care about is price, delivery and the item in the hand.
And all of that gets fed back into this box.
And this box is in competition
This decides who lives and who dies.
I want Apple, Amazon, Samsung Zara
The shareholders should erect a statue in the car park of me, Maloney ..
patron saint of nasty bastards.
You want a day off? It'll cost you fucking E100 a go.
Hello
ome on, we've got time to make up, let's so
Well, is he there? Can I speak to him?
No. Yeah. Ro, I understand. Erm.
Alternatively
ive your head a shake, get through school, get a job, car, holiday
Because you've got the best thing in life here.
You've got a family that care about you, that love you.
You've got a father that runs away from work to be here for you today
I do back you up.
And we're done for if you don't wat h your temper. You're exhausted
It will be your fault if you can't control yourself
I can't have that
How can you even say that:
Once that line's crossed, you can't go back.
Can you not see it?
Did you not see it. He came at me, it wasn't the other way round.
I was in the middle of you.
The treatment will be agressive.
It would be harsh. You should prepare yourself.
I will be overseeing all your procedures,
Which means every surgeon in this room
Welcome to the counseling. folks.
See you in the OR.
Seriously, don't just stand there staring at me
Get out of here
He grabbed his hands on your throat this morning.
You pretending like nothing happened?
Just focus on Izzie.
Hunt literally tried to kill you.
He's barely back form Iraq
That doesn't mean you have to stand by.
So like if he had a heart attack or stroke or lost a leg
So how is it anymore acceptable that I walk away from this?
He's wounded. He's war wounds. Meredith.
It's not cut and drive.
And it is not as bad as you think it is.
Clear.
This might be it.
From your lips to God's ears
Oh, for the love of god.
If you want, I can help.
Oh, yeah? I'm not the one who needs help around here.
I'm not the one who cut out half a woman's brain
I'm not the one who half this hospital is talking about
So maybe you should spend a little less time
If you were the resident assisting me,
dr. bailey. I'm not assisting you,
But I'm not gonna let you get rusty.
A year from now, you need to be able to do this stuff.
You need to be able to teach your residents how to do it.
You really think I'm gonna be here a year from now?
Yes, I do
Forceps.
Well, then, you'd better make up for it in a minute.
I'm gonna see your dick
I'm gonna fucking see it
Yeah, but it does put people with the one.
It's got a 99.8% success rate.
But how do you know they're perfect matches?
I mean, what if all it's actually doing
Each time you get a little bit more pliable,
And by that point you are so defeated and so exhausted
And then you have to live the rest of your life
It builds up a complex profile.
Every crazy thought you've ever had,
Yeah, like, everything in your head.
Right. So if it's everything in your head..
does it have thoughts?
All right, so now you're gonna say:
What if she looks at it?
Once shortened, the expiry date cannot be extended.
Why?
Everything happens for a reason.
Come on. Come on.
I know. Benny told me.
So what does she want?
I don't know.
She's just walking around, asking everybody,
When's Everett getting here?"
Go sit back down with your horn.
Matter of fact, give it to me.
There's something wrong with it.
I used to play trombone.
Everett!
Can I bring you my tape recorder
I don't know what you said, Fay.
You sound like a mouse being eaten by a possum.
Penny, give me your horn.
I said
We had to get out of that conversation.
So it's not broken?
No. You can't waste tape, Fay,
Double-dealing devil-dog. That had me so scared.
You know I paid for that with my own money.
You can always do that if someone's a wet rag.
Tell them, "It's broken. We'll have to reschedule."
Well, I can't do that to someone.
Oh, yeah, you can. Why not?
It's not lying.
It's stopping someone from embarrassing themselves.
Not if you don't make them feel embarrassed.
Putting up the numbers means
I'm not putting up any numbers.
I'm sorry, you two. I'm gonna need to see a license for that.
Oh, this ain't no shotgun, Pappy Fred.
I don't talk about other people's business.
Then come up with some other way to fill up this tape recorder.
I can't. I just get so nervous
Although, I was enjoying it back there
It's just you and me talking.
Tell me the craziest caller you ever had.
Oh, I know what I can tell you.
Not about a caller, but about
Can I tell you about that?
You certainly can,
That's not my middle name.
I know it isn't. I don't care.
I mean, I didn't know,
What else you got in there?
Uh, just my mouthpiece
Oh, really?
You don't believe me, do you? You're just pulling my leg.
No, I'm not pulling your leg.
I love it. I'm interviewing you. I'm playing a part.
I just remembered two more stories.
Do we have time to do those two?
Absolutely we do. Let's fill it up.
All right, if you like that, brace your brain for this.
There's this article about these tubes...
You tell me all about it.
All right, hold on,
Hold on, 'cause I wanna read it to you the way it was written,
All right, here you go.
So, "Picture a man in New York City, in Times Square.
And he walks down a set of stairs into a subway tunnel,
Yeah, Just for a sec for the game. They were getting off the bus.
They were tall.
Oh, no. Really?
Yeah.
They got a bunch of Indian boys on their team too,
Maybe there's a couple of families,
Probably means they're
And I don't mean that because they're Indians.
When they put on their jerseys, they looked like grown-ups.
That means we're gonna lose.
Hey, were the lights flickering in here at all?
No. Why?
Oh, just 'cause they were flickering over at the school.
Arlo's working on it though.
Last time, when I was still teaching,
All right, I'm off.
Oh, the line to San Mirial has got a permanent signal,
Okay, bye.
Number, please?
Are you listening to the radio right now?
No, I was watching TV.
Can you turn your radio on and tell me
Like what?
Like...
something that just came in through the board
They came through on top of each other.
All right. Connect it.
All right.
I've never heard that before.
Yeah, me neither. And then this lady called.
She said there was something going on out of town
Then I called Ethel
And when did you say my show got cut into?
But you trust your superiors and you follow orders.
But this one... worried me.
And why is that?
Probably 'cause it was so secretive.
So what happened next?
Well, we built the ceiling over this thing, carefully.
And then when they were done with us,
And when the propellers had started spinning
What sound?
The same sound you just played tonight.
You sure it was the same?
Oh, I couldn't forget it.
And when we finally took off and I looked out the window,
And then the sound disappeared and we got further away.
And when I got back, then I started getting really sick.
And in the next few weeks,
So now I didn't breathe so good.
And I think whatever. that area of the desert
Maybe radiation.
The power cut off at the radio...
You work at the radio station?
I do Highway Hits.
It was something in the sky.
He did the old stuff.
I do the new...
No, we don't listen to...
I don't like new stuff, but Gerrie does.
Number please.
Yes, Everett's here. Would you like to speak with him here?
Okay, I'll connect you.
Everett, come to board one!
There's a lady calling in for the station!
Give me a .38 air burst on the following grid.
Wait, what?
Who is that? Is that Strike Ops?
I don't know.
This is Cobra,dropping down to Carefree.
Sir,Viper 31 went below radar and a right turn.
The bunkers below were empty.
Tf there ever was a Rainmaker there
Warlord 2
And no one from Strike Operation to the Fentagon..
Has ever heard of this call sign.
Whoever it was had the confirmation codes
You do have the hut tapes?
Defense knows the tapes are missing..
Which is very fortunate if you're a pilot who've
Any of these men could've destroyed the hut tapes.
Pursuing to the Article 32 hearing
But the prosecution it's inability to produce Hut Tapes.
Has led us to a stalemate.
Excuse me, Your Honor,
Called Rainmaker,which was a rare opportunity of immense national interest.
But even more significant than that
Whether these men ever see the light of day again
But God help the U.S. Navy if they're allowed to remain in it.
The best thing you can do for yourselves and for your services..
Is to resign your commision
I believe the Prosecutor will agree to a full dismissal.
Want to come play with us until your deal comes through?
Thank you,but no.
The money's decent.
Looks like you could use some.
I am three steps from being a millionaire.
And one from being broke.
Maybe.
I might end up working for you. Alright?
My pilots only hit the target 30% of the time.
So this is about more money.
We've waited centuries for Our homeland
Until the Americans are gone.
We're doing this for our freedom.
You and your friends at Geopetrol.
You're in this for the money.
Well,Temir,I'm glad we put that on the table..
So let's put something else on the table.
If you and your people..
Keep doing what you've been doing
No money,
And no freedom.
Do you know the best place to see the air show?
The air show?
The planes? Air show?
You got that? I'm sorry we were late.
That was my fault.
It will not happen again,okay?
But I think we should be okay.
Hi,is this good for both of us?
This is me,this is my friend. Is that okay?
And the next time you have a plan,it had better work.
Unlike the last two times
How long is that flight?
Too long,man.
Good to have you back, man.
can't wait to hear all about it.
Flight adversary,baby.
You sure you don't want to hang out?
No,man.
I need some sleep.
The jet lag's going on.
Mom says we have guardian angel
A Special Force,like my dad.
He must be a very brave man.
He's pretty brave.
Charlie?
You want to meet my mom?
No,thanks. Gotta run.
Do you really think Webster can fix our records?
That's how it's put.
What do we have to do?
All I can say is
And those guys who choose to stay.
Will be fully briefed tomorrow.
If it means to clear our name
Hey look,guys.
Some of us have history with this thing here,so.
I just don't see any point you're taking any unnecessary risks.
And let's be honest,the money is bullshit.
Wait a minute.
Not if we pull it.
It's not about money for me.
I got kerosene in my blood.
I'm a fighter pilot.
Alright.
Look man.
I've lost too many friends already,So..
I'm out.
I am a weekend warrior who flies cargo.
I'll leave the shooting up to you and the rest of the cowboys,this isn't for me.
Well,directors don't like rewrites,you know?
You don't like it when old characters sneak back into the script.
It gets really messy.
But then you're familiar with them.
You know what makes them tick and it's new again.
A drama can be exciting.
And dangerous.
T live in Russia.
I live in a plane.
It's a High Altitude High Opening drop.
It'll take about 45 minutes to glide the 20 miles over the border.
Across the Zangezur Mountains to Azerbaijan.
Excuse me sir.
I don't jump out of planes,I fly them.
You've all had jump training,right?
Yes,sir,but I was not very good at it.
Can we just fly commercial to Azerbaijan?
Technically,you're not even in the country.
You'll use GPS to guide you to the airfield
So I get this call.
It seems that my ex
I was worried about you.
Your friends were worried about you.
Everybody's worried about poor old Tom?
My wing man,finally get to my left door.
Go to hell! That's my girl
I always admire your spunk,your ambition.
It's that nosy thing that always got us in trouble,remember?
Welcome. Sit down,my friend sit down.
A little tea for our guests,please.
Enjoy it.
Actually thank you,but.
We really have to get back to work,so.
Put that back, Vasquez.
I'm afraid there's been a change of plan.
We're going to have to detain you for a while.
J don't know
He was a poor man.
You can't remember your great-grandfather's name
100 years for now,mankind might not even be here.
And if they were,all they'd remember..
Would not be our name,but whether or not we had money.
Tom.
Is are you gonna be a rich man.
Or a poor man?
No no no,I know you've been patient,I know this is hard.
But in a year when that oil reconstitute in its pure form.
Roger that.
We just change the plan.
Why wake a sleeping bear?
Why don't we just drop Rainmaker and be done with it?
They'd never had the chance.
You kill the bear in its sleep.
Intels said the Russians are gonna help the Americans.
Tom Craig taught a lot of these men to fly.
What if he gets his loyalty confused? You want to take that chance?
This is the moment we were talking about.
And what about my son?
Your son is gonna be here safe with me.
What's more,your boy is gonna watch his father fight for freedom.
What other kid would get such a chance?
You think about that
The biggest difference is that you can not hide from her,
Close up to the General,ask him if he cared
I can see him.
He may start soon.
Take him down now
Yeah Cobra.. To the moon, Cobra!
You take the one on the ground.
Ya allan
12:00 clock,coming right at us. Two of them.
Make that three make that three. Shit
Let's blow them out of the sky.
See that right there? That's him.
Your father's in that plane. It's better than video games.
You gotta get us out of here,Cobra!
I'm trying!
Viper,where the hell are you,man?
We're on our way.
Anna,is Grachov with you?
We can't do that man.
25,000 feet. They're still with us.
Hold on, Cajun.
What the hell did you do?
Nice move, Cobra. Something I didn't teach you.
We got two missiles remaining
Something's not right,here.
It's a trap. Pull up!
Don't worry, ust gonna cut you lose.
You did a good job.
Put your hand up.
Good listen.
I lost my father when I was your age.
We're struggling here.
Why don't you take a shot at him?
Somehow it just doesn't seem like the right thing to do.
First left, then immediate right
It's taking us exactly where we want to go.
It's getting narrower. It's all part of the plan.
Now, put your foot down and drive a little faster.
Good plan.
All we have to do is get over two 20-foot walls
Take another left through the window.
After you.
And now you have miss teller.
My work here is done.
We already knew all that.
Your job here is done when I tell you it's done.
You told me this was gonna be a simple extraction.
Tt shoulda been.
I didn't ask you to light up half of east Berlin.
They were waiting for me.
Don't flatter yourself. They follow everybody.
What was waiting for me was barely human.
I tell myself, solo,
A little tired this morning, sir?
You'd be, too, if you'd been up all night
Anything in particular, sir, or..?
Or are you just looking?
What I'm about to feed you, solo,
Nevertheless, you're gonna have to swallow it.
Where we going with this, sir?
It is now run by his son, Alexander,
Al, he's more playboy than tycoon.
But she.
Well, now, she's something else altogether.
All our informacion indicates a lethal combina tion
She's the real fanatic
We believe they're responsible for Dr. teller's disappearance.
How.
Imagine the consequences
We have no choice but to work together on this.
Your mission is to infiltrate this organization
It will be located on a computer disk.
And whoever has that disk will simply be
You, solo, are to investigate
We'll leave you two to get acquainted.
Oleg. Give my regards to Nina.
Obviously, i was briefed about you.
Your corrupt and criminal background...
Until you were caught
But what interests me, given your profile,
I concluded it must be to counteract
My woman would never wear anything like that.
What's he doing here?
I told you. We're teaming up with the Russians.
Doesn't get any more Russian than the red peril here.
And why did he call me his woman?
Give me a minute to explain.
It's your cover.
He's an architect designing a new resort
The Riussian minister of culture
He's also managed to secure a visa for his fiance.
And naturally, you'd introduce him
And what about you? What's your cover?
Jack deveny,
Perhaps you give them to me.
I think your feet are a little small.
Then gimme some money for coffee.
Dearest.
Give the gentlemen something for coffee.
Enjoy your coffee.
Good morning.
I enjoyed last night.
Is better for the mission
What does that mean?
It means i like my woman strong
Come on.
Maybe I get you present.
Pump the brakes, my Russian friend.
We might be engaged, but I'm my own woman.
Besides, I wouldn't be wearing my engagement ring
I wanted to make sure it was serious.
Or were you, perhaps, ashamed?
Why would she be ashamed?
I know that the equity of aristocratic blood
But a good German girl knows never to mix
Don't be so protective.
Nice to see you.
Waverly runs the shipping department at British oil.
Excuse me, i said I need to use the sink.
Whac
I stupidly seem to have lost my invitation.
Yes. Yes, I think we bumped into each other outside.
Beg your pardon.
I do apologize.
No, not at all. Not at all.
I noticed you're very good with your hands.
He said, "use the ladies'"
That's brilliant. Were you once a waiter or.?
Have the jets been cleansed
Oh, really? Do you want to fix it?
I'd be delighted.
So I Just need the wrench.
Why don't you pop into the office tomorrow morning
I'll try not to disappoint.
You see, each one of us has a destiny.
And I believe I can help you with yours.
You can see the future?
I can see us having lunch tomorrow.
Alone
He had soft bones. And don't question my methods.
What's he done?
Super agent here decided to have some fun
They had it coming
Your new boyfriend is a Nazi.
Meet me on the gantry in five minutes.
Try not to get lost.
I didn't find anything
Why?
I thought that was my father's watch.
Make mistake.
And what exactly did you do to him?
At kgb,we call it the kiss.
It takes years to master.
Although he's standing upright, he's completely unconscious.
He' be like this for 20 minutes.
Can't touch.
Generator's back on.
Why do you think they have radiation tools and suit
Next to hidden button.
We wouldn't have found that without my father's watch.
Want to have a go?
Be my guest.
I thought I was doing so well.
Oh, don't be so hard on yourself.
You were doing fantastically well.
The fault doesn't lie in your performance.
However, you couldn't control the loyalty of young Gaby.
She gave you up like an unwanted kitten.
I know my father is here and that he works for you.
And how is that
And the American your wife has been entertaining
The Russians and the Americans thought they were using me,
Really?
She seemed so innocent.
You're not the first man to have fallen
It's a tracking device.
He's probably out there in the woods
I'm sure my..
If you can catch him.
I think I need to make a telephone call.
what are you doing?
've been here before.
And last time, I fell rather badly and hurt my head.
I'm afraid that isn't going to stop you getting hurt.
Sleep well, Napoleon.
Only my mother calls me Napoleon.
Mummy says hello.
And my personal favorite:
What history has failed to relate
And today, you have the privilege
Hello again, Mr. solo.
My apologies.
There's a short in the wiring
I keep telling the maestro to modernize, but alas.
We have contact.
My apologies.
Won't happen again.
I'm so sorry I can't stay to finish you off myself.
Rudi's never in a rush, but sadly, I am.
And I want it to be slow
Once upon a time, there was a little boy.
You wouldn't describe him
He was neither tall nor handsome,
Because of this boy's apparent shortcomings,
Year merged with miserable year
But what the other boys didn't understand about their victim
Ready?
There are two kinds of torture, Mr. solo.
One is for the extraction of information.
The other
I must admit, this does get frustrating
'm in an old-fashioned mood.
With the pliers.
I never thought I'd say this.
I'm actually quite pleased to see you.
You doing okay, cowboy?
I thought I found all your trackers.
You did. Tust not the ones in your shoes.
Do you mind?
You don't have to do things to me to make me talk.
I'll tell you everything I know.
You won't be able to stop me.
What about Gaby?
She betrayed you. I will testify.
Don't kick yourself. She fooled me, too.
Tf's not the same.
I'm yours to command.
Will you give us a minute?
Don't go anywhere.
I'll be right here.
what do you think we should do?
We have to get to that island.
What should we do wich him
You're the one he's been having fun with.
On the one hand, we need him,
But on the other hand, i know exactly what'll happen.
He'll strike a deal and struggle out of it.
He's prepared to sell his ass on this,
He'll be out within months
A man with that skill set's never wanting for employment.
So, what do you think we should do?
Just give me a minute.
He fixed the glitch.
Damn.
I left my jacket in there.
I believe your instructions are to follow me, so, uh...
Follow me.
Very well done, my darling.
They will send an army to stop us.
Then we must give them an appropriate welcome.
The line is secured. You're now connected, sir.
They are the key
Kill the Russian, if necessary.
Gentlemen, can you hear me?
Well, now if the Nazis are due to take delivery
A luxurious 14 hours in which to seize the island,
There is also, of course,
You have British agent in this?
Well, she's not British. "She"
I'm starting to smell the irony.
Gaby's working for you, isn't she?
Oh, well done, solo, yep, yep.
You got there in the end.
My father has been unwell.
He's ready now to resume his work.
A daughter's touch.
Gaby has agreed to assist me to assure I finish in time.
Now that is a good idea.
You're wrong.
It was the only way she could stay in the game.
She knew that the ring you gave her was bugged
That would give even the average Russian agent
And, of course, you are not average,
Let me translate this into English.
You told Gaby to drop us in it
But now you've lost her,
Well, that is a very poor translation, solo, but...
Well, in a nutshell, yes, please.
Thank you very much.
So, what does that do?
Well, it's known as a coupler.
It sends a signal which enables another missile
t's left over from when this was a warhead
Now that we are converting it to nuclear, it's redundant.
I'm sorry.
We're nearly done, Victoria.
Those are the words we've been waiting to hear.
What are you doing?
Let's both stop playing games, shall we?
Put her in a cell.
If you don't hear from me in 20 minutes, kill her.
That's how long you have to finish this.
You can start by putting back the correct lens, professor.
Please.
You'll get killed, and I'm not gonna let that happen.
You want to go, you gotta go through me.
We made it all the way home from Iraq alive,
Is there a point to this or...
I think you love me.
I think you love Cristina
And I think that you tried to get Shepherd to get rid of me
Her or me?
Fine. No one.
No one. I'm choosing no one.
I'm taking myself out of this equation, and I am...
oh, my god.
He's dead.
We can't go to the I.C.U.
We stay here, we're sitting ducks.
I'm taking this patient out of here.
Who are you calling?
It's half instinct and half improv,
For a resident, I'm very good.
You can't be in there.
I can't do this if you're in there staring at me
We're ready for you.
April...
Meredith is gonna sit here on the floor.
I want you to stay with her.
Come back now!
Stop crying.
Look, it took me a long time to find him,
And even then, it took me a long time
And now that I realize that...
he's lying on a table in there and my best friend's
You don't get to cry about that.
Reed was my best friend.
She died today.
We need to get to the O.R.!
Shh. Please, stop yelling.
Turn the elevators back on! Turn them back on!
Oh, damn it!
Oh, my god! Turn the elevators back on!
Dr. B., please, please. Please.
That man is still here somewhere.
Turn the elevators back on!
And he'll hear us. Please. Shh.
Stop, stop, stop. Please, Dr. B.
Okay, okay...
You step back.
You... stay back.
Owen, I can't stop. I have to keep going.
I know. I know. Just keep going. Keep going.
You stop or I will shoot you in the head.
Hey! Hey! That is the woman that I love.
You shoot her, you touch her, and I will kill you!
I said stay back.
Maybe I shoot you first.
I shoot you, and then I shoot her
I didn't come here for this. My wife is dead.
He's responsible.
Mmm-hmm.
People been kind. And generous.
Did a young man named Bobby DeAngelo stop by?
Yeah, he come by.
His parents are friends of ours.
Was there anybody with him?
Yeah. Um, this other boy, Chris.
Christopher Morgan
Was it this young man?
Mmm-hmm. Yeah, that's him.
I think Pam fixed him a plate. There was so much food.
Bobby asked us for a picture once of Stevie.
He, uh..
He come over here and wanted to show Stevie a ring
And then he asked me for a picture of Stevie.
And I gave him one.
Okay. Okay.
Well, we're gonna need to get some pictures of Stevie
Also, we're, uh, gonna need to go ahead and get
Just, you know, part of our investigation.
It's okay.
Oceanside PD. How may I direct your call? Uh-huh. Right
Last time I seen Stevie was about a year and a half ago.
When I sold him some ice cream.
I'm sure I sold ice cream to all three of those boys.
I used to be involved in the Wiccan religion. White witchcraft.
When you would go out to Robin Hood Woods,
With Chris and Michael.
Did you ever see anything out there?
We saw, uh, men.
I ran and Jessie caught me.
Um, he tied me up.
He tried to cut me on my side.
I kicked him.
Then he grabbed my hands and made me cut Chris.
This is Detective Bryn Ridge of the West Memphis Police Department,
Jessie, on Wednesday, May 5, 1993, early in the morning,
Yeah, I did. Jason Baldwin called me
Then I went with them up to the... Up to the Robin Hood.
I represent Jessie Misskelley.
This is Paul Ford from Tonesboro.
He represents Jason Baldwin.
And Val Price is the public defender who's been appointed
I understand Tessie has recanted his confession.
Does that surprise you?
No. Iit's hard to believe anyone
Got any experts lined up?
I've got a doctor who will testify that Jessie
He was once diagnosed as mentally retarded.
Do you think he's guilty?
In my experience, most of them are.
So Mr. Lax, if they're most likely guilty,
Because if you don't have a strong case,
And I can't stand by and watch that happen.
He's got her lame carved on his arm.
And I worry about that baby.
Why?
Because of the rumor that they're going to sacrifice it to Satan.
You're saying you actually believe that?
No. I'm working with them.
You're working for them? What are you, like a lawyer's assistant?
I'm an investigator.
But you won't be representing me in court.
No. No, I'm not allowed to do that.
So I'm just supposed to trust you? Tell you everything
Those cops are scary, okay?
They will do anything to get people to say what they want to hear.
Why would so many people say all these things about you?
Why did those girls say people were witches back in Salem?
Any time anything weird happens around here,
didn't attack him. He offered it.
I did that with a knife. That's my girlfriend's name.
I've been cutting myself for a long time.
Why?
There's power in the blood,
Through drinking the blood of others.
By biting, cutting
I've been doing it since I was, ike, 10 Jears old.
These people think I'm a Satamic leader. 'm not.
And they listen to that music.
And everybody knows they.... I heard from a bunch of people
You think the way they dress had something to do with the
You don't dress like that when you... When you, um....
I got it back yesterday, and I've been wearing it on my head, like that.
Did he like scouting?
Oh, yeah. He loved it. He loved it. He did.
Um.. Yeah, he did.
I saw you on TV.
What the hell are you doing?
You're supposed to be in mourning.
You're not acting right.
What's that supposed to mean?
On the TV. Treating his scarf like some kind of prop.
Acting like a goddamn silly fool.
I'm not acting at all, Terry. Are you?
Is that what you've been doing?
I think maybe you're glad Stevie's gone
What the hell are you talking about?
Every time I spent time with him,
You shut up!
What? You'll hit me? Now that he's gone,
Go ahead. Hit me. Hit me. I dare you, hit me.
Mommy? Daddy?
Hey, I tried you at home.
I need to talk to you about something, in person.
Will you meet me for lunch tomorrow, 1:00 at the Arcade?
It's really important. Okay. Good night.
Tell me what happened when you got to Robin Hood Woods.
Jessie started running and caught Steve.
Then Michael and Chris jumped out of the tree.
Then, um, they took them,
Jessie and Damien picked him up
And nobody knows what happened but me.
What would you like?
May I have a tea, please?
Thanks for meeting me. I know you're very busy.
It's good to hear from you,
The State Police. They called me.
Then they came by my office,
They knew everything about our divorce proceeding
I was so insulted, I was so angry,
I mean, you're a respected man in this city. You're not on trial here.
TA's fine
He can send another ome.
It's just that with all the paperwork in the case,
These boys that you're helping
The police seem so certain. Are you sure you want to do this?
Yes. Yes, I am.
It's just that sometimes you take these things so personally.
You know, you lose perspective. You get obsessed.
You don't have to worry about me anymore.
You know, if the police are so goddamned certain about their case
You know, I just remembered, I have to be in court. Early
Ron, please don't.
And then we followed Detective Allen into the woods.
All the way down to Ten Mile Bayou.
This trial's a waste of time. We all know he's guilty.
We ought to just fry him and get it over with.
Then maybe these journalist parasites can go back to wherever they come from.
crawled on my hands and knees and felt along with my hands
This ended up being a white shirt
Z es
Uh, yes, sir. I played this.
And nobody knows what happened but me.
And after hearing the tape, what was the defendant's reaction?
Jessie immediately stated that he wanted to tell us about it.
Then he said that he was present when the boys were murdered.
Now, you got in front of you pictures
But this court will not tolerate any verbal outburst,
The verdicts read as follows.
"We the jury find Jessie Lloyd Misskelley Junior guilty
"And of second degree murder in the deaths of Christopher Byers
The sentence. How do you fee about the sentence?
Do you think it was a just and a proper sentence?
Life plus 40? Well, it's fine with me.
It's one down, two to go.
And the good Lord said Lucifer and a third of the angels
And they prayed to their Devil and they prayed to their Satan,
Wild, crazy orgies, I've been told.
There's a war going on.
It's a war between Satan, Lucifer and the Lord.
I mean, like something suspicious or strange?
Yeah. He did do something strange. Very strange.
He gave this as a gift to the documentary crew.
So when were you planning on telling us about it?
Mr. Fogleman released the records concerning this knife yesterday.
But you've known about it for months. How could you not tell US about it?
Well, we had to send it to the lab first. DNA testing.
There was blood on the knife.
Mrs. Hutcheson, you're already involved.
You feature prominently in the prosecution's case.
And from what I can tell, you're the only real link
No. No, I can't talk about it.
You gotta ask Don.
Detective Donald Bray?
Yes.
She brought her kid in the day after those boys went missing
Michael Moore and Chris Byers are his two best friends.
YOU think you might know something to help the police find them boys?
I'd say it's very possible. Right, honey? It is possible.
We questioned Aaron.
He told us about the meetings in the woods.
It made sense to me. I already knew about the Satanic cult.
You knew about the cult?
We been expecting something like this
Questioned Vicki.
Asked her if there was anything she knew about an occult Or devil worshippers.
She said no.
But then she said, "How about I go play detective
Jessie!
You're a real sweetie to come over here today and do this in this heat.
It's all right.
Do you know that boy, Damien Echols?
About people painted black, chanting, doing what men and women do.
But did you ever find any evidence to corroborate
Or anything that would link these murders to Damien?
No physical evidence. But we got something e se.
We got Jessie's confession.
So Vicki's plan failed, right?
Damien gave her nothing
Yeah, but Vicki's plan got Jessie involved,
They got their confession from him instead.
And Jason Baldwin gets caught in the net just by picking the wrong friend.
Ain't that what our mamas always warned us about?
Are they gonna put Aaron on the stand?
So the jury's never gonna hear
Oh, but they did hear from him.
Remember Gitchell's ridiculous manipulations with the tape recorder?
"Nobody knows what happened but me."
The State sent 600 items to the lab and out of all that they got nothing
Look at this.
Remember how Gitchell told the press
This police report was signed by Detective Ridge
They actually changed our case number to the number of the beast?
This is a goddamn witch hunt.
Our boys were never suspects in this case. They were targets.
And once they set their sights on Jason and Damien,
But we don't have to. We can keep looking
Whatever it takes.
If you don't help those poor boys, who will?
Nobody will. Nobody but you.
Arise and be baptized.
Washing away your sins. Calling on the name of the Lord.
God will never put more on you than you can bear.
Uh, none.
nd how were you accepted into enrollment at Columbia Pacific University?
I had to fill out, uh, several series of papers.
Did you have to fill out a little flyer like this?
" Call toll free for information on how to become a doctor."
Yeah, you can send in a request for what you want your degree in.
Did you know this was a correspondence school? I didn't.
Judge, the witness has a mail order PhD from a non-accredited school
We object to Dr. Griffis as an expert.
Well, I'm not sure within Arkansas you need a degree of any kind
But based on the polygraph results,
What do you want me to do? Do you want me to lie to you?
Okay, I'm gonna lie. I killed them.
And all the other bullshit.
Are you arresting me?
Chris, what are you doing here?
Chris!
Your Honor, the defense calls Christopher Morgan.
Your Honor, may we approach?
Your Honor, I think they are going to try to cross-examine him
My understanding was that this young man retracted his statement.
We want to question Mr. Morgan to suggest
Why would his testimony be relevant?
Your Honor,
I'm not gonna allow you to drag in every possible suspect
Judge Burnett, don't you think a confession suffices as a tie-in?
Your Honor, they could just talk to anybody on the street and they could say,
This is not just anybody off the street.
This was the Oceanside PD
Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to need to conduct a hearing in camera so
I'm gonna ask you.... .
What?
...to go back to the jury room.
Bailiff, will you clear the courtroom, please?
And why aren't we allowed to hear what he says?
Bobby DeAngelo asked for a picture of my son and
I have a right to hear what he says.
Yes, you do, Mrs. Hobbs. We all do.
On May 17th, 1993,
Yes.
And in a videotaped statement..
We are going to be all right. Justice is gonna be sewed, and we love you,
So you said it just to get out?
Yeah, after 17 hours I believe anybody would.
Now, before you made the statements in question,
And immediately after that, did you again deny any knowledge
Burnett wouldn't let him testify.
It was so important to get that kid on the stand
I know.
But the judge says that's not relevant
Besides, Fogleman says there's no tape for the part
You can't see pant of the tape
I saw it. I watched the whole thing
You guys even watch the entire six hours of tape?
We have a synopsis from the Oceanside FD.
A synopsis?
Since when do we depend on police reports?
Ron, we did not have enough time or money.
But you should have told Burnett.
Now, Damien, this book on witchcraft,
The library had these books they were getting rid of for 10 cents each.
Damien, there's some pages in there that are underlined in red,
That was already done when I got it.
I think somebody had a report to do 'cause all through the book
Okay.
Damien, why do you like to wear black?
Iwas told Ilook good in it.
And it he ped me deal with people.
Zou've looked into the Satanic side of the occult, correct?
Tm familiar with it.
You familiar with Aleister Crowley?
Based on his writings, he believes in human sacrifice, doesn't he?
He also believed he was God, so..
His writings indicated that children were the best type of human sacrifice.
Correct?
Yes, sir.
But Crowley has no particular significance to you?
And when you look at all this circumstantial evidence as a whole,
Now, all this Satanic stuff? It doesn't matter whether I believe it.
It doesn't matter whether the defense attorneys believe it.
It doesn't even matter whether you believe in it.
The only thing that matters is what these defendants believe.
Now, you look at history,
It gives people who want to do evil the justification for what they do.
And when you look at it all together,
You see inside that person. You look inside,
The first verdict reads as follows.
"We, the jury, find Damien Echols
The angle of this region is very steep.
Expect typical comms problems.
We're gonna be on two-hour comms windows.
If we miss two windows,
If not, don't sweat it.
Waypoint one is Budweiser.
Waypoint two is Miller.
If we're home by the 15th, me and Morgan
How is that gonna help me?
Hello?
Brahms horse auction is, I think, the 27th.
That means if I cut down the trees behind the stable
Do they sell Arabic horses?
First of all, it's not an Arabic horse, okay?
It's an Arabian horse.
Arabic.
It's... You're from New York, okay?
No less than 15 grand.
Fifteen fucking grand?
Hell of a wedding present.
Ts that redhead a bridesmaid
Melissa? The redhead, dude.
Look at him. That's not a kid
They are unarmed prisoners.
And the second they run down there,
Tie them up.
Tie them up. Let's get the fuck out of here.
We can't Just fucking leave them, let them go!
I thought you were standing by waiting for your fucking orders?
I am standing by waiting for my fucking orders.
What do you think that radio's for?
They're not calling Domino's Pizza.
I know what the fucking radio's for.
That radio's fucking Tali.
It's a cell phone to the Taliban.
So you just think it'll just be our little secret? Huh?
That's a warrior.
Mikey, it's your fucking call. I ain't fucking voting
So we're going to pack up everything.
We're gonna cut them loose and we're gonna make this peak.
When we make this peak, you're gonna get comms up.
When we get these comms up,
Roger that, sir.
Roger that.
Roger.
I mean, isn't that how things work?
Good things happen to good people?
This is a bad spot.
Danny, I got nothing here on sat.
Give me something.
I don't have fucking shit.
How do you feel?
This is a bad spot.
You okay?
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking we're about getting
Copy that.
Looks like I voted wrong
We just got the opportunity
Danny, get ready to fight.
Hey, Mikey.
Come on! Axe, vet up here now!
Get him up here.
Come on, Axe, you gotta get down!
Oh, fuck!
We're gonna go get Danny up top
We need immediate air support.
We need help.
We are heading down the ravine towards the Chichal Village
We need immediate CAS.
Lieutenant, I need your ten-digit grid.
Oh, shit, throttle's off!
Brace for impact! Brace for impact!
Fucking down!
Mayday, mayday! Bruno 64 is down.
Duck!
Put us down! FPut us the fuck down!
Put this fucking helicopter down!
I'll fucking kill you!
I will fuckin' kill you!
Is he. is he Taliban?
Is he Taliban? Is he Taliban?
I will fucking kill you. I will fucking kill you right now.
I know he fucking knows something.
You tell him I will fucking kill him.
Look at me in my fuckin' eyes
I don't care.
I don't go home, you don't go home.
You hear me?
I fucking kill you! I kill you.
Why do you help me? Why do you help me?
Do you help me?
Yes.
Can I trust you?
Put me everything in the air.
Yes, sir. Gentlemen, keep your lines free.
Those guys are busy at the other end.
All non-essential personnel, et the fuck out!
Razor 11 en route to village.
Ten mikes OU.
Copy that.
06 copies. Ten mikes out
Razor 12, you are clear to engage.
Contact right! Contact right!
Two on the left!
We're clear right!
Now, that's not exactly asking too much, is it?
What if you don't last another two weeks?
It was a real drag that I was no longer allowed to use my other gurney.
The ser-propelled one.
It had-caused a couple of spectacular accidents.
I couldn't see wheres was going.
Mary's fear and apprehension slowly gave way to pride and purpose.
Elizabeth, pregnant herself with Saint John
It was Elizabeth, and her absolute faith...
.... that gave Mary the courage she was lacking.
And she gave thanks, saying, my soul doth magnify the Lord..
...and my spirit hath rejoiced in God, my savior.
May the spirit of the Lord be amongst you and remain with you always.
Amen.
I'm definitely a true believer,
One who created me in his own image.
Hello. I don't think we've met. I'm Father Brendan.
I'm Mark O'Brien. I knew Father Seamus very well.
I'm sorry that he's not here any more.
As are many others. I'll do my best to fill his shoes.
You'd like me to hear your confession? Yes, I would.
I told my attendant to come back in half an hour. Is that okay?
That's good enough for me.
"Amanda."
Do you have any experience?
No. None at all.
That sounds perfect.
So how long can you stay out?
Three or four hours. Yeah?
Depends on how much fun I'm having
She took me on a picnic once With her boyfriend and another couple.
And what did the boyfriend think?
That I was in his way?
I'm always in somebody's way, I thought
And?
And what
What do you... ? Yeah. I do everything
Do you have other questions?
Gross. What?
What'd you say?
Okay, look, no need to be defensive, okay? I'm not exactly threatened by this guy.
Yeah? Why not? God, he's much more a man than you are.
So, what does your boyfriend think of me?
He's an asshole. Doesn't matter what he thinks of you.
I'm interested in the opinion of an asshole.
First session.
Mark O'Brien is the oldest of four children..
and raised Catholic.
He was extremely nervous.
He yelled a lot when I took off his shirt, but I think more out of fear than pain.
He cannot masturbate, has had only the occasional kissing experience.
He's capable of achieving an erection easily,
I just started working with this gentleman who spends almost his entire life.
Somehow you don't feel like you've done it until you've gone all the way in.
I want you to look at me this time.
Come on, give it a try. Open your eyes,
I do.
So from now on..
I have a good feeling about today. A very good feeling. Good.
I had a feeling it was never going to happen but I think today's the day.
Can I make a suggestion? Please.
Stop thinking about it.
Couldn't have wished for nicer weather.
You're not listening, are you? Stop thinking about it.
Beautiful weather I
I'm so sorry. I forgot.
She was very apologetic.
Look, it may not be exactly what we had in mind..
Of course I can picture him. From the outside.
I mean, as an adult.
As you are now.
Looking at him, with his...
..crew cut and his little face.
The fact that I'm already happy does not seem to be relevant.
What does your husband do?
He's a philosopher.
Wow. At a university?
No. In his own mind.
He runs the house and plays guitar.
He thinks a lot.
It's getting late.
Hey, we did great today. You were fantastic.
which now has a proven track record.
You should be thrilled.
Was I really inside you?
You were really and truly inside me.
For how long? At least five or six seconds.
Is that all?
That's a long time for some people.
You were pretty excited. I don't know what you were thinking about.
It was... It was all a jumble of sensations.
Well, you definitely achieved penetration.
It was penis-vagina all the way... and you definitely get an "A " for orgasm.
Cheryl.
Did you come?
No, Mark, I didn't.
Can we try for that next time?
Is that what you want?
Oh, sir, I'd wait a couple minutes. That coffee's kind of hot.
Oh, thanks. You're welcome.
So, what should we talk about?
You know, we don't have to do much talking.
I just wanted to be seen with you in public.
And I want people to say, "Hey, who's that gimp with that beautiful blond?
How did he get so lucky? "
As your boyfriend?
As my husband. I mean, why not go all the way?
Really?
We'ne pretending, right?
Let me what?
Really? Really, aren't you the one that's always said it can't get personal?
That's a whole other thing. What are you doing opening my mail?
It was scented. I assumed it was junk mail.
Even less reason to open it. Where is it? Give it to me.
You're not getting it.
This is none of your business. You're still not getting it.
I threw it out.
You didn't. I fucking did!
What's up?
Would you ask your mother... to pass the salt, please?
Cheryl, would you please pass the salt?
Runner on first with one out...
to the lanky left fielder. And the pitch.
And he struck him out! I don't think he was expecting that.
Yeah, you can do it. Come on.
The person you are calling is not in. Please leave a message.
Rod.
I need your help.
The power's gone out... including the pump on the iron lung.
I'd say I got about three hours before I start to turn blue.
I hope you get this in time.
It's Mark. I'll try 911.
Shit
Mark.
Can you open your eyes for me, Mark? Can you hear me?
Mark?
Come on, Mark.
They'll be letting you go today.
respirator switched on at night, fully charged.
You'll have at least one backup system.
Okay? Okay
To what?
You know, to the...That tunnel thing and the
No, I assume I passed out.
Before that, I remember feeling sorry for myself.
Do you feel relieved now? No.
I can recommend you to someone, if you like.
I'm. I'm sorry to be rude.
could do anything useful for me right now.
My priest couldn't.
Are you religious?
Yes. I would find it absolutely intolerable
Are you?
No. I don't...I don't go to any church or..
I don't think about God very much.
I do believe there's a.
Yeah, I have to call in sick, guys.
No. Nobody's calling in sick.
It's a beautiful day. You're gonna get dressed.
We're all gonna walk to work.
Come on.
Let's go, guys. Come on.
God, my head hurts.
Ooh. Yes. Don't mind if I do.
Uh, orange, please.
Obviously an open femur fracture.
Probably has internal injuries, as well.
Come on, pick up.
You saved our lives, man.
I just grabbed your jacket.
Yes, really. I come home, you're gone.
No call. You didn't tell me.
I need you to leave. I'm..
What do you think, Deja?
I'll go. If that's what you want, I'll go.
Yes, I want you to go, Kurt.
All right, I'll go. I'll go.
His name is Kurt.
And he's a dick.
You got I got you.
I got your back. I got your back.
I'm not gonna let nothing happen to you.
It hurts like hell!
I know, I know.
But you gotta embrace that pain, Mark.
You gotta love the pain.
Love the pain.
Does she have a Cow?
Got caught in the crossfire. Cow-lateral damage.
But what's her story?
Yeah. Can she handle a rod?
No, but she can handle a teat, that's for sure.
I felt bad about the TV yesterday.
You seemed pretty freaked out.
You taking your meds?
Good.
So, are you gonna go to the sentencing?
I doubt it.
I'll go with you, if you want.
It's important. You need to go.
So those jerks get what they deserve.
You can't let them get off lightly.
Oh, this guy just went from Tom Cruise
In the end, what I learned
My brushes are mine.
My strokes are mine.
Guess what's not getting stroked tonight.
Old Adam's paintbrush.
That's got to be sarcastic applauding, right?
Thank you, Adam August.
That is the end of our show.
I'd like to thank all of our performers.
You live the stories that we live to hear.
I know, that was pretty real.
It was real long.
So where are we going for dinner?
Your treat, and she's coming.
Actually, I'm pretty spent emotionally.
Well, we're spent forty-dollars-ally.
Well, we're spent forty-dollars-ally.
you leave it all on the stage.
Caroline has a rough story.
Again, we can't compare our truths.
I'm sorry, but did all that really happen to you?
You lost billions?
Five years ago today, in fact.
And with what I lost tonight, $5 billion, $40.
Well, have you ever considered
You're still here?
Thanks for the offer, but I'm not really a writer.
Or a person who would come here twice.
Plus, I'm trying to put my story behind me.
All right. Well, think about it.
It pays $50. Here's my card.
You work at Avis?
That's my other job.
And remember, you have a story to tell.
And sometimes renting a car is actually cheaper
I think you should totally do this.
To finally tell my story and give it closure?
Yeah, a little of that, but mostly the 50 bucks.
I'm here for the surrogacy interview.
Max, we got another baby mama.
Look at all these woman trying to get pregnant.
Will any of them wait tables?
Han, can I go work in your office?
l just need to write my life story.
I promise I won't play with your Legos.
You mean those little plastic men
Wow. You're one to talk about truth.
I understand.
I mean, men prefer to think in grand gestures.
You need some drama to fall in love, isn't it, Bryan? Hmm?
He still did that.
He just saved it to the third date.
Huh. How?
l.. I cooked her dinner.
You know, candles, roses, wine, you know,
Thank you.
Um, so is he showing you a good time?
It was getting boring, actually,
So do you want to join us?
Come on. Have a seat.
Come here. Need to talk to you for a second.
Look, I need to tell you something.
Okay.
I was with two girls last night.
Okay, we were just drinking in the bar,
We have to hurry, Larry.
I did a bad thing.
God! I did a very bad thing.
All gas stations On 80, 30, 77.
I want Scofield's and Burrows' pictures on each and every gas pump.
Scofield included him in the escape.
Who knows what he knows?
Scofield and Burrows are still out there.
Don't worry about Scofield and Burrows right now.
So, again...
Yeah. And I blow my nose with my right hand
I've got very powerful people behind me
They can push through the quickest habeas
Paperwork's sitting on the right
It's just waiting to be rubber-stamped.
And what do I have to do?
You just find those cons.
Caroline.
Paul, where are you?
Did you send the police?
No, of course not.
How did they know I was on that train?
Paul, I have no idea.
lll let the president know.
Harrison, you're flying Marcus, rig me a rope.
Handing over. Taking over.
Be ready to cut. Roger that.
Hooked up.
Gut the door
Natalie, don't you worry. I'm gonna get you out..
This thing isn't gonna hold!
Ray, we are in the red! We are going to crash!
Natalie, we are going now!
I got you!
It was so powerful, in fact.
that it moved the main island of Japan eight feet.
This is just one of the 1.3 million earthquakes..
that occur around the globe each year.
The largest ever recorded here in North America:
The earth shook for five straight minutes.
The energy release was the equivalent of 10 million atom bombs
And that's not the biggest earthquake ever recorded.
the coast of Valdivia in Southern Chile
Bam.
This quake lasted 11 minutes and spawned a tsunami 82 feet high..
..that leveled Hilo, Hawaii 8000 miles away.
8000 miles away.
So, um..
Well, the San Andreas fault runs right up the spine of California.
It's the demarcation line between two tectonic plates that are constantly moving
and we're about 100 years overdue...
..I'd say it's not a matter of if.
it's a matter of when.
Played a little tug of war with a car.
How soon before you get her fixed?
I'll call Martinez today. Get a new one sent over to maintenance.
Elgin, you move any faster, you're gonna break that hip.
Harrison said you're taking off with Blake for a few days.
Yeah. Leaving tomorrow. Driving her back up to school.
Volleyball team has their first game this weekend.
I figure we cruise up the coast. Do a little camping.
Dude, I can't believe she's in college already.
Lawrence, I gotta show you something. Yeah?
Now, we got a rare low-level seismic swarm out in Falco, Nevada.
23 small quakes, all tiny. 2.0 to 2.6 in the last 24 hours.
Where the hell is Talco, Nevada?
35 miles southeast of Vegas, maybe 5 miles from the Hoover Dam.
All right.
There aren't any faults out there.
Any known faults. Now, if we get there while the mini quakes continue
And if the magnetic pulse rate goes up before the quakes.
Then we're predicting them. Then we are predicting them.
All right.
Let's go check it out.
Hi, Dad. Hey, sweetie.
I was wondering if there was room for my bike.
Thought that I could ride it to class, then I wouldn't have to buy a parking pass.
That's a great idea. I'm sure I could figure out a way to fit it in.
All right, great. I can't find the key to the lock at Mom's..
Officials are saying that Hoover Dam is a total loss.
Lake Havasu City, Needles, Blythe and Laughlin also suffered major damage.
Additional support from Los Angeles, including L.A.F.D. air rescue..
is expected to begin arriving in the next 24 hours.
Hi, Dad
I know. I'm so sorry. We're heading out tomorrow.
No, I get it. This one's really bad, Dad.
Yeah, this one's tough.
What time we heading out?
14:30. Guys are prepping the gear now.
All right. Let's get to work.
It's a fairly sophisticated rescue operation underway.
So this Daniel guy's taking Blake now?
I would have just called in sick.
It's why I'm the boss and you're not.
Pretty sure we can manage a few days without ya.
Shoe's untied
Blake
Oh, I did. This is one of them right here.
She's a nice addition to the San Francisco skyline, don't you think?
The Gate'
Yeah, I like it.
it's the tallest building in the city, right?
When it's finished, it'll be the tallest, strongest.
and it's already 80 percent sold.
But honestly..
I Wish.
I'm interviewing for a job here..
and Mr. Riddick is the boss of the boss
So, what kind of job are you interviewing for?
Anything in engineering or design. I'm not picky or proud.
I just want to work here
Hi. I'm Ollie. He's my brother.
Hi. It's nice to meet you, Ollie. I'm Blake.
You know, you're quite beautiful.
We're gonna head straight over. Excellent.
What do you want to talk about?
Where you from? England.
Ben thought while our parents were gonna be on a cruise.
he and I should take a holiday here in the city, after his interview.
Awesome. Oh.
Would you like to hear our itinerary?
Susan. It's nice to finally meet you.
Am I interrupting anything?
Nothing important. What's going on?
Look, I just wanted to tell you I was sorry for how I acted yesterday.
No, Ray, really.
No, Emma.
I just wasn't ready to hear about you and Blake moving in with someone else.
I should've told you before.
Hey, how's Blake feel about it? You know.
She'd like us to be a family again.
I think it's gonna be hard for her to..
Emma.
Oh, my God. We're having an earthquake.
Oh, Jesus, Ray. I gotta get outta here.
Drop, cover and hold on!
Lawrence, the Richter just jumped from a 6.5 to an 8.5.
What does that mean?
Powers of ten!
So it's a hundred times stronger now!
Don't worry. Caltech is probably the safest place to be right now.
Professor! It looks like the whole San Andreas fault line is being activated.
And it's heading toward San Francisco.
All right. All done.
Okay.
Well, it was really nice to meet you, Ollie. I hope you have fun while you're here.
Bye, Blake. It was nice meeting you, as well.
Good bye.
Oh, and, um...
I almost forgot. Do you mind if I borrow your book for a second?
Tell Ben that I'll put in a good word for him.
Bye. Bye.
I can' wait to be 20
Yeah, okay.
And here are the pulse rates now.
The same. Or higher.
So the earthquake didn't diminish them.
Oh, man.
Oh, this is not good.
station still up along the fault line.
And get it for me now. Right.
What's going on? This is not over.
Shit.
Oh, man. This thing's fried.
Come on. I need everybody.
What are we doing? Getting you on the air. To warn people
Okay, who wants an "A" in independent study? I'm starting a new class:
Sweet. Get your laptop. Let's go.
Right here. Move, move, move.
Here we go. Up. Lift.
Let's go! Over here.
It should be just up ahead.
There it is
So we have to find a rotary or a push-button phone.
How do you know all this?
My dad.
That tall cement nozzle thing on the hill. Exactly.
Don't stop anywhere. Go there. That's where we'll meet.
Stay strong, honey.
We're coming to get you. Okay.
Wait, Mom. How are you and Dad together?
We'll explain later. Okay, honey? I love you.
I love you guys.
Bye.
Hello, Chris.
Director for Earthquake Studies at Caltech.
He and his research partner, Dr. Kim Park
They knew L.A. was going to get hit.
But nobody listened to them.
Jt's time now to listen.
Go ahead, doctor. Okay.
Basically, California's entire tectonic plate has shifted.
damage all the way up in San Francisco.
from movement along the fault line.
in the Central Valley.
Their end of the fault line has not moved yet.
More importantly, people need to know that the shaking is not over.
And it's not aftershocks I'm talking about.
San Francisco will get hit again.
And it's going to be a bigger monster this time.
Our models are predicting a 9.5 or greater.
It will be so big that, even though it's happening here in California.
you will feel it on the East Coast.
Now, I cannot emphasize this enough to the people of San Francisco:
And, if you can't, you need to find any means possible...
I never blamed you. I don't wanna talk about it.
II doesn't matter.
She's gone. Now you're gone..
What's the point?
I guess the point is.
The moment she realized
And then coming home every day to you and Blake only made it harder.
Because nothing was the way it used to be. And the way it used to be was.
It was perfect.
I should've let you in.
I just didn't know how.
I'm so sorry for how things ended with us, Em.
I really am.
If you couldn't save our daughter...
then nobody could have
Let's go get our daughter.
Let's go! Keep it moving! Let's go!
which leads to Coit Tower.
Do you mind if I ask why you wear two of the same necklaces?
One of them used to be my sister's.
I started wearing it after she died.
We had given them to each other for Christmas the year before.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean... No. It's okay
Hey. Check it out.
What are you doing?
They should have a supply box. It'll have stuff that we can use.
Ts this it
Oh, okay.
Here we go.
Every city has a tactical channel
We can listen in, we can see what's going on.
Okay.
San Francisco has begun evacuation.
The Coast Guard is asking anyone with access to a boat to please volunteer.
..the fault line in the Central Valley.
Their end of the fault line has not moved yet.
San Francisco is going to get hit again, and this will be a much bigger monster.
I hope we've given everyone enough warning.
This is it, isn't it?
Right now, I wanna be so wrong
This will be over soon here.
But pray for the people of San Francisco.
Did you know "Nob" is a slang term..
."which means 'rich or wealthy.'
Largest quake in recorded history.
Oh, no.
Coit's been burning a while. She's gone someplace else.
Now, where are you, baby? Where are you?
What's your Plan B?
Oh, shit.
What's happening?
We gotta go. Water being pulled out like that's a tsunami.
We gotta get outta the bay, now.
Wait. Wait, wait a second. Just give me one second.
Yeah. There's too much bleeding.
He's not gonna make it if we keep going.
Let's pack him and get him up to I.C.U.
to stabilize him.
I am not babysitting.
I have made your career,
I need to check for a septal hematoma.
All right, fine.
Push the reservation to 9:00.
Why are you still here? You can go.
I'd love to. I'd love nothing more.
But Nico won't leave until he knows Clem's gonna be okay.
He's 10. Who's the parent here?
You let that kid run wild.
At least I don't hover over him,
Well, maybe I need to hover
What were you thinking, dropping him
He wasn't gonna stay.
He just wanted to give your spoiled daughter
Well, stop giving us things.
We barely survived the head lice he gave her.
You have no way of knowing who gave who the head lice.
Okay, that's enough.
They're 10. They're in love. They're cute.
Let them be cute, for crying out loud.
Excuse me, doctor, something's wrong with Clem.
She's breathing funny.
Ever thought you'd be wishing so hard
No! No! No!
Honey, we're leaving now.
No, I'm not! I promised Clem I'd stay with her!
Nico, don't make me pick you up.
You're too big for this.
This is embarrassing, you know?
I'm a little embarrassed for you.
I don't care.
What's Clem gonna think if she wakes up and I'm gone?
She'll think that I don't love her.
Uh.. look, uh...
What if I'm there when she wakes up?
I'll tell her whatever you want.
It's like the next best thing to being there.
Promise?
Yeah.
You're gonna need a pen and a pad of paper.
Oh, good. Uh, all right. Here we go.
Pathology's back.
The ovary specimen you sent is normal.
No pathology seen.
Damn. We picked the wrong ovary.
There's a chance the other one's clean, too.
You don't have a very good personality, you know that?
cdlpledge myself to thee forever.
nd pledge myself to thee forever.
Love me tender
for making me feel so at home.
I've never really felt like I was part of a family before.
So, thank you for being so welcoming and wonderful.
Dad had the first camera.
He'd carry it on his shoulder like this.
I wanted you to know that I think you are a wonderful brother.
I'm being serious! This is a beautiful event..
and I'm really grateful that you invited me.
We were in the same foster home together for a year.
And we were more than friends. Family
So, here's to happily ever after.
Oh, gosh.
Mmm.
Are you okay?
Sam.
my beautiful wife.
This was the most perfect day.
Oh, shit. I'm stuck.
How did we get home last night?
I don't know. The guy in the cab?
Stop. Not right now.
See you later, Santo IDomingo.
Tilt your head back.
This is where you'll go to school.
I got beat up here a couple times, but that's not gonna happen to you.
You're gonna be a much cooler kid.
Ah, this is where me and your mom got married.
Very pretty church.
This is where we walk the dog.
Here's the Anderson house. It still looks like shit.
Shit, fuck. Maverick!
Maverick, God damn.
Hey, hey. Maverick!
Come here. Hey, no, no.
No, no, we don't live here. Come on.
Ugh. It was fine. I just had to leave because I'm starving
I know, I don't want that.
Okay.
IT'm just gonna eat a bunch of cookies.
How are you feeling?
I'm just hungry.
All right. Whoo! Get ready.
No, seriously, Sam. Please, just wait there.
I'll be right there. Whoa. Whoa! Whoa!
Oh, shit! Sam!
Motherfucker!
What are you doing? Are you fucking crazy?
Get away from my car!
Stop, stop!
It's okay. It's okay.
We're gonna get some help. We're gonna get some help.
You know, we talked about the summer courses.
So, I figured I'd just get a couple of classes going...
and then go back to the full load in the fall.
You don't want to just wait until the fall?
No, I don't want to just wait until the fall.
Okay, I was just thinking because..
I know, it's just that this has come up and I...
No, I know. But the baby is coming in March.
I know it's not gonna be easy. But I don't want to put everything on hold just to..
We're not putting everything on hold indefinitely.
I gotta keep working.
But if I stop doing it now...
then I feel like I'm not gonna be able to start back up again.
I'm gonna be stuck in this house
Then I'm gonna turn into your sister.
I'm gonna be Natalie, and I don't want to be her.
Sam, you're not gonna be Natalie. It's you and me.
That's what it's turning into. I know that..
but this isn't what I wanted to begin with, okay?
I don't want to bother Sam.
Okay.
How did we get home last night?
I don't know. The guy in the cab?
What the fuck?
He was like our cab driver, on our honeymoon.
So I came home, looked at all the tapes, and there's all this mystery fucking...
Look at this.
ou sure, man? Maybe it's some weird shit they do down there to scare tourists.
Whoa, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
It's gone.
What are you talking about?
TI was literally just looking at this shit right before you
It's empty. It's gone. The fucking tape is gone now.
Fuck!
e everything I've seen says they're, uh, religious symbols.
because everything I've seen says they're, uh, religious symbols.
So, uh, there's these ones..
and then there's that.
There's a bunch more.
These are the only ones I've actually seen in person.
What?
First John, 2:18.
"And children, this is the last hour."
These are from early, early religion. These are
They tried to bring the church down in its early days.
We've caused the displacement of thousands of families into refugee camps.
These families are suffering from starvation due to overcrowding.
The question we've got to ask ourselves is...
When will the bloodshed come to an end?
I wasn't expecting you to come all the way out here.
I came so you could explain to me in person why, in the middle of a war...
Are you still chasing space rocks?
I'm sure you can understand why we haven't been able to leave.
The data is undeniable.
You were ordered to shut down.
I Can't.. not yet. We're too close.
You were army intelligence before you joined us..
Is that you don't have to wait to the commercial to piss.
You don't want to go back.
See pain, I can deal with that.
It's the inactivity that sucks.
World's going to hell anyway. We're just reaping what we've sown.
$40. That all?
Well, it's something.
One minute it's a job, next he's got his cock in your mouth.
Makes sense to me. What else are we good for?
They think you'll charge half the price for just one knee pad?
Why don't you put that in your letter? Hm?
What's that supposed to mean?
Okay. You ready to do this?
For all the good it's gonna do.
We don't want your fascist war! We don't need your draft no more!
We don't we want your fascist war!
We don't we need your draft no more!
All right, all right, come on, people. Let's wrap this up.
We don't we want your fascist war!
We don't we need.. what the...
Come on.
Hey, sir? Hey, you look like a smart guy.
Sign this and you won't have to worry about your kids getting blown up.
Then go back to killing children again.
Ramon, you okay?
Explain why some assholes are moving my scrap.
And a truck that only you have the keys to. What?
This some kind of inside job?
Inside job? I don't know shit about this.
No? It sure looks like your boy Chamberlain to me.
Dave.
Ronan,
Only then will he destroy Xandar for me.
Nebula, go to Xandar and get me the Orb.
It will be my honor.
It will be your doom.
If this happens again, you'll be facing our father
I'm a daughter of Thanos.
Just like you.
What a bunch Of losers.
All of them in a big hurry to get from something stupid,
Look at this guy!
Can you believe they call us criminals,
What is this thing? Look how it thinks it's so cool
Wanted to be here. Sends his love.
And told me to tell you,
What is it?
It's my policy never to discuss my clients, or their needs.
Yeah, well, I almost died getting it for you.
An occupational hazard, I'm sure, in your line of work.
Some machine-headed freak, working for a dude named Ronan.
Ronan? I'm sorry, Mr. Quill.
I truly am.
But I want no part of this transaction if Ronan is involved.
Who's Ronan?
A Kree fanatic, outraged by the peace treaty,
What? What about my bad side?
Farewell, Mr. Quill.
Hey, we had a deal, Bro!
What happened?
This guy just backed out of a deal on me.
If there's one thing I hate, it's a man without integrity.
Peter Quill. People call me Star-Lord.
You have the bearing of a man of honor.
Well, you know, I wouldn't say that.
People say it about me, all the time,
Quit smiling, you idiot. You're supposed to be a professional.
You gotta be kidding me.
Hey!
I live for the simple things.
Like how much this is gonna hurt.
Raised from youth by a band of mercenaries called the Ravagers,
I'm sorry.
I didn't know how this machine worked.
What a bunch of a-holes.
Transport all four to the Ky n.
I guess most of Nova Corps wanna uphold the laws,
I ain't gonna be here long
I've had a lot of folks try to kill me over the years.
I ain't about to be brought down by a tree and a talking raccoon.
Hold
It's what you are, stupid.
Ain't no thing like me, except me.
So, this Orb has a real shiny blue suitcase,
Zoul're scum! You're scum!
It's like I said
A lot of prisoners here have lost their families
She'll last a day, tops.
Murderer!
The guards will protect her, right?
They're here to stop uS from getting out.
They don't care what we do to each other inside.
Whatever nightmares the future holds,
Check out the new meat.
Her life
He killed my family.
I sha' kill one of his in return.
Of course, Drax. Here, I.
Quill! What are you doing?
I'm no family to Ronan or Thanos.
I'm your only hope at stopping him.
Woman, your words mean nothing to me!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Hey!
Crap.
You know, if killing Ronan is truly your sole purpose,
Are you not the man this wench attempted to kill?
Well, I mean, she's hardly the first woman to try and do that to me.
Look, this is from a smoking-hot Rajak girl.
No, it's a symbol.
This is a symbol for you slicing his throat.
would not slice his throat.
would cut his head clean Off
You've heard of this. You've seen this, right?
Asleep for the danger, awake for the money,
You have been betrayed, Ronan.
We know only that she has been captured.
Gamora may yet recover the Orb.
No! Our sources within the Kyln say Gamora has her own plans for the Orb.
Then she was apprehended by the Nova Corps.
You are the one here with nothing to show for it.
Your sources say that she meant to betray us the whole time!
Lower your tone!
I may be your..
I only ask that you take this matter seriously.
The only matter I do not take seriously, boy,
Your politics bore me.
And, apparently, you alienated my favorite daughter, Gamora.
I shall honor our agreement, Kree,
But return to me again empty-handed,
Thanks, Dad. Sounds fair.
This is one fight you won't win.
Let's head to the Kyln.
If we're gonna get out of here,
And to do that, I'm gonna need a few things.
The guards wear security bands
Man who has ain with an A'askavariian!
Tt was one time, man.
We need all available guards in full combat gear...
Spare me your foul gaze, woman.
Why is this one here?
We promised him he could stay by your side until he kills your boss.
I always keep my promises,
I was just kidding about the leg.
I just need these two things.
What?
No, I thought it'd be funny.
Was it funny?
Wait, what did he look like hopping around?
I had to transfer him 30,000 units!
How are we going to leave?
Well, he's got a plan.
Right? Or is that another thing you made up?
I have a plan! I have a plan!
Shut up.
Hey!
What is that?
That's for if things get really hardcore.
Or if you wanna blow up moons.
No one's blowing up moons.
You just wanna suck the joy out of everything.
So, listen, I'm gonna need your buyer's coordinates.
We're heading in the right direction. For now.
If we're gonna work together, you might try trusting me a little bit.
And how much do you trust me?
I'd trust you a lot more if you told me what this was.
Because I'm guessing it's some kind of weapon.
I don't know what it is.
If it's a weapon, we should use it against Ronan.
I let you live once, princess!
I am not a princess!
Hey!
Nobody is killing anybody on my ship!
We're stuck together until we get the money.
I have no interest in money.
Great.
That means more money for the three of us.
And Quill, your ship is filthy.
She has no idea.
If I had a black light,
I swear. I don't know where they went! I swear.
If he knew where they were headed,
Yeah
Well, then,
And this place?
The Nova can't know what we're after.
Cleanse it!
Do you got any other cute little buggers like this one?
I like to stick 'em all in a row on my control console.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
In that case, I can show you.
But first, you gonna tell me what this Orb is,
And then you gonna tell me,
Sir, the high-end community is a.
The high-end community is a.
It's a tight-knit.
Tight-knit.
The high-end community is a very tight-knit
Now, who again is this buyer of yours?
Carina
Your people do have elbows, do they not?
We do, Master.
Then use them.
I don't have to remind you
Do T
Heads up! We're inbound.
Be wary headed in, rodent.
There are no regulations whatsoever here.
Hundreds of years ago, the Tivan Group sent workers in
Bone, brain tissue, spinal fluid.
All rare resources, highly valued in black markets across the galaxy.
It's dangerous and illegal work, suitable only for outlaws.
Well, I come from a planet of outlaws.
Billy the Kid,
It sounds like a place, which I would like to visit.
Yeah, you should.
Watch your wallets.
Can you spare any units?
Get out of here
We are to wait here for his representative.
Get out of here!
This is no respectable establishment.
What do you expect us to do while we wait?
My Orloni has won,
Now, let's put more of this liquid into our bodies.
That's the first thing you said that wasn't bat-shit crazy!
Man, you wouldn't believe what they charge for fuel out here.
I might actually lose money on this job.
My connection is making us wait.
It's just a negotiation tactic. Trust me, this is my specialty.
Where yours is more,
He tortured me
When he said he was going to destroy an entire planet for Ronan,
My mother gave it to me.
My mom liked sharing with me all the pop songs that she loved growing up.
I happened to have it on me,
The day that she
What do you do with it?
Do? Nothing. You listen to it. Or you can dance.
I'm a warrior and an assassin. I do not dance.
Really?
On my planet, there's a legend about people like you.
Fonan, it is done
Her body mods should keep her alive a couple more minutes,
These pods aren't meant to be out here.
In a second, we're gonna be in the same boat.
Aw, damn it.
What happened?
I saw you out there.
I don't know what came over me.
But I couldn't let you die.
I found something inside of myself
1 mean, not to brag
It's.. Well, they got the Orb.
Whac
Blasted idiot. They're all idiots!
Quill Just got himself captured.
None of this ever would have happened if you didn't try to single-handedly
You're right.
was a fool
Captain, the shot was non-damaging
The lunatic on top of this craft is holding a Hadron Enforcer.
It's a weapon of my own design.
What the hell?
If you don't hand over our companions now,
A very big new one!
No! Wait, hold on!
Rocket, it's me, for God sakes!
We figured it out! We're fine!
Hey, Quill. What's going on?
You call that "figured it out"?
We're gonna rob the guys who just beat us senseless.
You want to talk about senseless?
How about trying to save us by blowing us up?
We were only gonna blow you up if they didn't turn you over!
And how on earth were they gonna turn us over
We didn't have time to work out the minutiae
Secondly, I don't even believe you have a plan.
I have part of a plan!
What percentage of a plan do you have?
You don't get to ask questions
I just saved Quill.
We've already established
When did we establish it?
Like three seconds ago!
I wasn't listening. I was thinking of something else.
She's right. You don't get an opinion.
What percentage?
I don't know. Twelve percent.
Twelve percent?
That's a fake laugh.
That is the most real, authentic, hysterical laugh of my entire life
It's barely a concept.
You're taking their side?
I am Groot.
So what, it's better than 11
Thank you, Groot. Thank you.
See? Groot's the only one of you who has a clue.
Guys.
Come on.
Yondu is gonna be here in two seconds.
He expects to hear this big plan of ours.
I need your help.
T look around at us.
Zou know what I see?
Not run away.
I, for one, am not gonna stand by and watch
But, Quill, stopping Ronan,
You're asking us to die.
Yeah, I guess I am.
Quill.
I have lived most my life surrounded by my enemies.
I will be grateful to die among my friends.
You are an honorable man, Quill.
I will fight beside you.
And in the end,
I am Groot.
What the hell. I don't got that long a lifespan, anyway.
Now I'm standing. Y'all happy?
We're all standing up now.
The Stone reacts to anything organic.
The bigger the target, the bigger the power surge.
All Ronan's got to do is touch the Stone to the planet's surface and zap.
All plants, animals,
Everything will die.
So Ronan does not make the surface.
Bockxet will lead a team to blow a hole
Then, our craft and Yondu's will enter.
Won't there be hundreds of Sakaaran soldiers inside?
I think of Sakaaran as paper people.
Once they know we're on board,
Which I can disable by dismantling the power source.
We'll make it to the flight deck,
There are too many of them, Rocxet!
We'll never make it up there!
Peter Quill
For the record, I advised against trusting you here.
They got my "dick" message!
He said "she's got a gun in my mouth."
I'll trade you this piece of shit for my diamonds.
Otherwise, his head whistles
So I will give you your diamonds as you're
I don't negotiate.
Right this way, guys.
Right this way.
Goddamn, she's still here.
Ready, Tessica?
You're going to look just like me.
Hey, Penny, it's me.
Now, listen, here's the plan.
I have right here in my hand what it is you want.
But if you want it, you're gonna have to come and get it.
Isn't it time we were properly introduced?
You know, face to face?
Is this face to face enough for you?
Oh, you do continue to delight and amaze.
And you're really, really starting to piss me off
I really can't imagine why.
One more step and he takes flight.
If I help you, what's in it for me?
At the very least, your leg
You're right.
Go on, keep going.
Enough.
Now, you... you really are prepared to lose your leg
Back off, both of you.
But you know, about seven years ago,
There was a great deal of chatter about a senior member
And the word on the street was that he
There was a massive bomb, but it was set
She, for, yes, indeed, it was a woman,
It's heroine and it's, um, it's ultimate tragedy, for her blast
But instead, it claimed the lives
He, amazingly, escaped with only minor injuries.
I've often thought about that female operative.
You know, what went wrong, do you think?
Was it, uh, was it poor intelligence, shoddy equipment,
Did she feel any remorse?
Anyway, the long and the short of it
She threatened to go all Edward Snowden on them
Oh, how the might fall, eh?
What do you think, Alexis?
Do you think such a mythical creature could possibly exist?
Because, boy, the demons she must carry.
Now, I'm going to take a different tact here.
So I could always go back and finish
You know, boom.
Yeah, that struck a chord with you, right?
I have the feeling that you might balk at causing yet
Whereas me, hm, I have no such qualms.
Why should I believe you?
Because I don't lie.
Ever
Western Cape Airport, tonight, 21:00 hours.
Mitch and Cam are having a party for valentine's.
Claire was supposed to take care of her,
Lily, we're so happy to have you here.
I have a big surprise for you!
Look! A brand-new, shiny TV remote!
Looks complicated.
Just keep hitting all those buttons until something good happens.
That's my plan, anyway.
Where were all these distractions
I'm kidding. He's a blessing.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I'm Harlan. I'm here to do your baby proofing.
Jay, I've been waiting for this appointment for weeks.
I've waited longer for mine.
The human race has survived for a thousand years
Hell, I used to drive to the supermarket
Maybe when kids started flying off cars.
How long?
Normally I have help, but Dale, uh...
You met Dale at the shop. He's a tall guy.
He's my sister's kid
You and I are gonna bang this out in about an hour.
Where do you want it?
I know a lot of people think that I'm attracted to Jay
I'm attracted to him because he's sexy,
The suit...
The carrying of the boxes...
No, no. You listen to me.
You've had my wife's car four days.
Figure out what that screeching noise is,
The yelling on the phone..
Give me that.
And the drilling.
So much drilling.
Time to go, Harlan.
Oh. You must be Vixen.
Okay. Okay. Not funny, Mitchell.
Look at this place. What were you thinking?
Okay. Cam, I.. Yes, I went a little nuts, all right?
I-I'm sorry.
But I didn't do anything that can't be undone.
Can I say one short thing?
I came to this house a broken man
And then I found out
So I had nothing and no one.
And then you...
Okay. Come on. Tell him.
Let him finish.
I'm sorry.
cut! Let's reset. Do it again.
One word, Nick. Fucking amazing
Hey, Nick. Youngblood.
Rip off any pop stars lately?
For your information, today I recorded an original piece.
Really?
Okay, it was that Lisa loeb song.
rat Lisa loeb song.
Well, as much of it as I could remember.
The lyrics I made up were original.
Listen, Nick, I get it.
You don't have any natural talent
All right, I can't see you right now,
What do you want?
Hey, Nick, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be a dick.
Are you coming to Lou's party?
I gotta talk to Courtney. I'm.. I don't know.
How is Courtney? YOU know.
How is Courtney? You know.
Oh, really? Still fighting, huh?
Oh, wow. Look at you.
Every fucking year, Lou?
Hey, enough with this dad stuff. Call me Lou.
Why do I have to pretend to be your Butler?
You are my Butler.
No, LoU, just 'cause my room's near the bar
Wait... hey, hey, Lou, what do you think about,
I love you, buddy.
Hey, Courtney. Your tits look fantastic!
Eat shit, Lou.
She's one of the good ones, man.
Come on. Let's get a drink.
Just lousy with statues, and the
Can I take your jacket?
Oh, no, no, no. I'm actually kind of "on the job" tonight
What do you do?
You know, 'm just kind of a Jack-of-all-trades.
So you're the Butler. No!
Come on. Do I look like a Butler to you?
You look exactly ike a Butler.
Goddamn, it's good to see you, man.
You, too, buddy.
Man. That tub, huh?
Rea ly turned it all around.
It's the best thing that ever happened to me.
You ever wish we could go back for one more dip?
You know, tweak some things?
Use time travel for more important reasons.
Gary winkle.
Look at this. Look, Jou spilled his drink on me
Good looking out.
Okay, just laying it all out there.
Where are me and you right now on a scale of, like,
So, like a four. One and a half.
No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait.
It is only 12 blocks from the river.
Pristine lot. You can build an office tower,
Okay, I get it, man, I get it. I get it. I'm a loser.
Okay, I'm always going to be a loser.
I didn't magically turn it all around after that ski trip.
All I got is this piece of land,
But it's.. It can be our piece of shit.
Not interested. Pass.
Hot interested. Pass.
We are live!
Coming to you from the heart of the bayou.
At the height of his career
We've grown quite a bit over the years, haven't we?
Some of us have achieved our dreams.
You know, I bet
Am I right?
Hmm. And if you believe that.
If you truly believe that in your heart of hearts,
Genius.
Life is about do-overs, okay?
And if you see your second chance
Grab it! Take my advice.
Shit! Iit's bad! Somebody call an ambulance!
Nick. Yeah, buddy.
You got your hand on my penis!
I'm applying direct pressure!
You don't have to touch it that hard.
My hand is acting as a tourniquet!
I think he's saying "tuxedo". Tuxedo?
God, it hurts so bad.
Who the fuck's wearing a tuxedo?
What? What
Mmm-hmm
I was standing right there beside you! I didn't fuckin' shoot him!
I want my dick back!
Lou's gonna fuckin' die! He's out of time!
No, he's not.
We'll give him more time.
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck.
I guess we were too late.
Life is fucking weird, you know?
I spent so much time hating him.
And now that he's gone, I can't help but feel
I mean, there's nothing admirable about him.
Well, I mean, he's your dad. Honor, maybe?
Not honor. I mean, that falls kind of with respect and admiration.
Maybe just kind of a... Just a general sense of..
Maybe Just kind of a... Just a general sense of
Yeah, I miss him. Ah, you miss him. Yeah, yeah.
That's impossible. You heard it.
It just answered me. Uh
2025.3.26 March 26, 2025.
From comedy central world news headquarters in New York. Com,
Hey! Welcome to the daily show.
Tonight's guest, dame Jennifer Lawrence
Hey, how do they get the people to be on this show?
So, by now you've all seen the NSA satellite footage
President ITeil Pauricl Harris has called
This show's still got it.
Holy shit. We went 10 years into the future.
W hoa.
I'm distinguished.
m distinguished.
Oh, I should shave this, right?
Yeah, that's not a good look
I think this is a choice, like Andre agassi
For one, they're fit and handsome
You look like a turtle crawled out of his shell
You look like an orchestra conductor for stray cats.
You look like you give lectures on public access.
That's a good one.
You look like the guy that owns the one house that ruins the whole street.
Have I bombed anything, you think?
You look like you've never made a correct decision.
Ever
I have definitely given a back-alley blowjob.
I gotta admit I kinda like this.
T want to hit you into the corner pocket.
Now I know why the coat-check girl didn't like me.
I look like fucking shit.
So far so good on this future shit, huh?
I don't feel like anything bad's going to happen.
Hey, check it out. I found all the gear from the painting.
Cool, huh? Whoa.
What happened to the bottom of your suit?
That pesky little doggie eat it?
It's called fashion, Lou.
You look like
It'd be tacky to do it a third time.
Anyway, do you guys want some fresh clothes?
I got a whole closet full of stuff.
I love this shirt. My shit is fly.
Weren't you listening to my speech, dude?
Always pack a bag
I didn't get.. I know what it
Was that the Cincinnati box?
Was that the Cincinnati box?
That's bullshit, okay?
We got a whole vault of nitro right here.
Where'd it go? Where did it go?
What did you do with my nitro?
How can I take what doesn't exist yet?
It exists in the past. How can it not exist in the future?
The past, the future. All very cute.
But who's to say the past isn't anything more
Like Terminator
Zou think everything is like Terminator.
Cause everything is like Terminator!
Arnold's hand gets chopped off in the past,
Terminators running all around this motherfucker.
That's how we got nitro?
I don't know. I never saw Terminator.
Oh, fuck this guy and his riddles!
Thanks for holding him down for me!
"THold him down"
That's your fucking plan here?
Shut up.
Tighten your shit up. Lou We needed him.
High five.
You don't have the energy for this?
No, no. You guys, we can't just fuck around.
We got to find your murderer.
Or we don't have to do any of that
o h!
That's some sexy-ass future shit, right there.
Do you or someone you love have a problem with heroin?
Speed? Ice? Smack? Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh.
Wack? Jack? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Al Michaels" revenge? Or cocaine?
AI Michaels" revenge? Or cocaine?
First order of business, we get ourselves some Al Michaels' revenge, right?
don't know.
The only person who's ever had any motivation to kill me has been me.
I treat everyone with the utmost respect and kindness.
Lou, you tried to push me down the stairs last week.
As a joke!
Oh, my God, it's you.
Nice. Looks like I turned the company around.
I'll turn you around.
Somebody's grumpy 'cause they got murdered.
Mmm-hmm.
Adam! Come on out!
A dam! Come on out!
It's your best friends in the whole fucking world!
Hi. Can I help you?
Oh, my God. Jacob dorchen and Nick Webber?
Guilty.
Am I on celebrity subpoena?
Just tell me. Tell me, am I on celebrity subpoena?
And hello, sir. Who are you?
Fuck it, wrong house. Stop.
They're looking for my dad. What?
You have to go with them. Uh
Would you guys mind?
It would be really, really great
No way in hell Ho way in hell.
You gotta let Adam go.
I mean, this is exactly the sort of thing that he needs.
We've been together for 10 years.
He hardly ever goes out.
He didn't even have a bachelor party.
You're making me seem a little stiff.
WasSTp, man?
No, no, no, no, no.
There's no one driving that car.
Yeah, It's a smart car
It's self-driving. What?
That's awesome!
Now, see, this is that future shit I'm talking about.
ow much that set you back?
You guys are hilarious.
I don't own it. I mean, no one does.
You need a car, one shows up
You're a wonderful car and I appreciate you.
Come on
So, this car ruins on feelings.
Yeah, I guess a six-year-old would say that.
Uh BU Ln,
You're not smart! You're just a car!
Okay. I don't think it actually works that way.
Like, you can't hurt its feelings.
You're a wonderful car and I appreciate you.
Well, guess what?
You can hurt my feelings, okay?
What? I'm walking.
Is he always like this? Pretty much.
Does he have, like, emotional problems?
Yeah, yeah. THe's a monster.
I'd like to help him.
Oh, hey, I'm sure you're sick of this, but,
Oh, you put your dick in there!
It's a genius invention.
I know, okay? I know.
You put your whole mouth inside your son's jerk-off machine.
B rad?. Fey.
Brad? Hey.
You guys should absolutely come to my wedding.
Oh man, I wish we could, but we re doing, uh.
Oh, man, I wish we could, but we're doing, uh
Fuck him in the face. Right in the fucking face
What are these? I don't care.
Oh. So, Nick, listen, I was so sorry
What do you mean? Ah.
Gotcha. Forget I even brought it up.
No, no, no, really, what do you mean?
I hear you loud and clear, man.
I don't think you hear me at all.
Hey, Sophie!
There you are.
I have a surprise for you.
Oh. Uh
Bye, dude!
I'll take a room-temperature almond milk, please.
No, actually, I'll get a tangerine Margarita.
I'll just take an apricot sliced into fours. And a kiwi.
Do you have kiwi? I'll take a kiwi, sliced up.
A banana thrown in there.
Just a fruit salad
Jacob dorchen wants privacy.
That's so 2016
No. Get that out of here.
I mean, I wouldn't mind a little something.
Remember, we agreed?
Look at your dad. You're not going down that road anymore.
Oh, God, I'm so good at that!
Yes!
It's Satan.
Like, I'll finger your dog, I don't care.
As a joke! As a joke!
I have some advice for you.
If you don't want to be considered a sex offender,
Oh, my God! Fuckin' a! You're Nick Webber, man!
Let's take a picture! I can't believe it's you, man.
I'm gonna send this to everyone.
I'm gonna get, like, a billion views!
I remember when I first heard that stupid song. I was like,
Do the strut. No, I'm good.
You won't do the fucking song?
Before that, let's back it up.
Six years ago, see where it all began.
I made a lot of mistakes. I've taken advantage.
And now I'm ready to be original.
This is dedicated to those who never got to be,
Stryt to the time o the clock
Oh, this.. this room is so much better than the other room.
Who let you in here? Would you go find your murderer?
Think your old man can get in on a little of this action, Or.
This is.. This is a private party. This one's mine.
What? Yes! See? Ha! Still got it.
What are the. What are the house rules here?
I just want to know what to do. Don't want to break any rules,
Touch me, you filthy vagrant.
Oh, wait, wait, what was that?
Nothing. What was that? It wasn't anything.
Ho! No!
Long story short,
You thought wrong. Horseradish station.
That's right. We're gonna have the white and the reds,
It's gonna be great..
Wait a second. Nick? You should play our wedding.
People would love to see the strut in person.
Uh, I don't want to fuck a dude.
Ah, you're adorable.
This is the best day of my life.
What the fuck's wrong with everybody?
Waffles, waffles. It's a neck-and-neck with.
I told you to stop saying that.
I'm so sorry!
So there are no more sex taboos?
Well, I guess bestiality, but only from a community property perspective.
What do you... What do you mean?
What, you don't remember llama V. Rerguson?
Guy tries to divorce a llama, and the land is in dispute
But people still eat animals, right?
Oh, yeah, absolutely. And animals eat people. It's all the same.
You got a tuft of hair coming out your crack.
Don't fuckin' worry about it, okay?
I'll get your grooming tips later.
Are you ready? Yeah.
That car's not an asshole. You're an asshole.
Whoa. Where'd that come from?
Everything is all about ou. No regard for anybody else.
I'm pretty sure that's never been the case at all, ever.
Because of you, Adam just got raped.
Are we calling it a rape?
Whoa! Nobody got raped.
It felt like kind of a grays area
You find a vulnerable host,
Okay. Someone needs to find a chill-out tent.
Let's get you a comfy couch and a video game.
Where does it say in the shitty parents' handbook
0 creat your son ike shit?
Okay. You're right. II apologize. I apologize.
ou were totally wrong. No, why would someone write that book?
Actually, Nick's idea about re-titling it shitty parenting for dummies
It's an impulse buy. All right, you know what? Forget it.
You're right. That's fair. It was a misleading title. But the point is
If they're not gonna say it, I will.
I am so tired of solving your problems.
TI am so tired of solving your problems.
You wanna stop your murder,
It was a lady bug
Walit, the sticker Yeah, on the neck
Yeah. We normally give Tylenol for that.
just pumped him full of.. Narcotic
Yeah. Whoops.
You're a great listener. I should have married you.
Look, kel, I'm sorry, okay?
Look, kel, I'm sorry, okay
Can we just move on?
I did move on, Lou. I got clean.
He said something about going to see his family therapist,
T know where he is.
I'm not that strong.
Hey, son.
It's daddy
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, like, as far as rooms go,
A great room is a great room.
I could see myself chilling here.
Right. Throwing some football.
Having a football match right in the middle of the floor.
Football, basketball, you know, just all the sports.
So it was just like..
It's in the ether.
t does not exist. Who cares
Yeah, we should get that show cancelled.
Or at least arrest someone.
I could "'ve ate some goddamn waffles.
Tt's like you shoved a fucking buick up my butt.
got a buick dick.
You Co
Shit got bad, Lou.
I mean, bad like the part of boogie nights
The dancing clown.
The man who will apparently do anything
Meanwhile, when's the last time
Or just did anything, just the two of us?
It's been a minute.
I'll bet there's a lot of people here tonight
When's the last time your man gave you flowers,
Fuck you, dude.
Right? On this special occasion,
Make each moment count.
Remember why you fell in love.
How do the dance!
Okay, okay. Slowly.
Slowly.
Be very careful, it's my only one.
I only trust you with it.
You thought you had it all figured out, didn't ya?
Just gonna go back in time and kill my dad.
Kill your dad? Yeah.
I know your plan, Brad.
Okay, sure, I thought about it.
A lot. When I worked for him.
I knew t
But why would I wanna kill the man partly responsible
Wait. So you are the inventor of time travel.
Right? It's fucking awesome.
So you weren't gonna go back to 2015
If I was going to kill your dad, it wouldn't be with a gun.
What I would do is spike his morning cocktail
Feeding it to a shark.
..Feeding it to a shark.
Yeah. It's the perfect plan.
He got the jump on me.
But he's so much smaller than you.
He had, like, super-human strength,
You mean baby superman? That baby was superman.
Yeah, I mean.
That baby was superman, Jacob!
Hey. Oh, hey.
Any luck?
Shit.
Baby Adam got away.
Oh, shit. Shit. Look, look, look!
Come on, come on, come on.
No, no, no, no, no! This has got to end now.
Lou, what are you doing? Lou, get out of the road.
Nick and Lou! I know what I'm doing!
Get the fuck out of the street!
You don't know what you're doing. You're going to die!
Lou, would you come the fuck on?
Let me do this! I got this!
I got this!
Stop!
I'm sorry. Okay.
Okay, okay, okay! I mean it.
I do. I mean it. I'm a dick. Ask my friends.
He's a dick. Big ol' dick.
Look, I get you. I do.
Jacob! Let's go!
We gotta go back to the past to save the future.
What does this remind you of?
Always Terminator. Always Terminator. I know.
Let's go save Lou's life.
High five.
This is my favorite part!
Ah, here we go! Here we go
Let's go! Okay.
It's the party. And there's still time!
He's gotta be around here somewhere!
We are live!
What are you doing? What are you doing?
It's probably pretty hard to shoot a man, right?
Don't.
It's okay. It's okay. Watch.
I'm just gonna make it easier on you. Look.
Shotgun to the dick. His destiny.
I turned you into a murderer.
I've just ruined my own life
Jacob was right.
I'm SOTEY. This is just... This is weird.
Up until yesterday, I thought I had a normal life.
I know what you mean. I..
Have you ever felt like your entire life was a fraud?
I'm sorry. "Fraud" is the wrong word. "Lie"?
You know, like, go to an awesome rehab
What do you think?
Okay. Yeah?
I fucking hate you, Lou.
I fucking hate you, Kelly.
Sophie! Hey! Where are you going?
Um, people are shooting each other.
I'm getting out of here.
Obviously not the direction of the song, right?
II totally misread that song. My apologies.
Okay, so what now?
Yeah. You guys gotta come with me.
To where?
We gotta make America happen, bro.
Ready for another dip?
You know, you're not gonna be super welcome there,
A dam saved Jincoln!
That parade was the single greatest moment of my life.
More so than saving Lincoln?
No, that was the third greatest moment of my life.
What was the second?
A parade I attended as a child.
Oh, shit, you guys. I left my phone back in the 1800s.
I fed some gum to a dinosaur.
As long as we're coming clean, I fucked Marilyn Monroe.
Yeah. Sure you did, buddy.
Who's a nerd now, motherfuckers, huh?
Well, I'm ready.
I wasn't joking yesterday. I was serious.
I want to stay here.
And I think you should, too.
I think we should make a choice
To live in this extraordinary place
with someone miraculous.
I told you you'd think it was crazy.
Nothing is.
Everything is.
When you break it down.
I don't think it's crazy.
Thatll do.
For now.
It's done.
It's done. We're done. It's over.
Sophie, Sophie, my darling, everything will be okay.
Apart from the fact that the welcome decorations are down,
We can take care of all of that.
The party's still a day away.
I've just been speaking to this guy.
He's actually a journalist, and he wants to write
No, I know you keep saying that,
What?
I have never felt closer to my mom.
I know.
It's being in this place with her photos on the walls and..
I'm pregnant.
What?
In exactly the same place that she was.
Only this time we know who the father is.
I am.
And I have you and my three dads,
She didn't even have anybody to tell.
She must have been so scared.
All right. Bye.
I'm the manager. It's on me.
As is this tartar stain. It just refuses to come out.
You'd think it's parents were Baptist.
Well, Manager, I need to get out of there
Hey, everybody!
Me, me, me, me, me,
I love being a bride.
You don't even have to pretend it's about anyone else.
Kinda like me, when I was rich.
Pretty much every single day still.
Good news, bad news.
The good news is the rash is not spreading past my nuts.
And that's the good news.
I'll ask the obvious question.
Did it have anything to do with the rash?
I mean, what are we gonna do?
It's not a traditional Polish wedding
I think Oleg's got that covered.
And did I mention we're a Boingo Hotspot?
Take it down a notch.
You're selling it harder than Anne Hathaway
Oh, hi, I'm not here to buy, just to look.
On a diet..
since 1998.
Oh dear lord, those look amazing.
Can I just smell a piece?
Bonnie, don't.
It'll get you going, and then halfway to Paris,
That's my favorite thing about the job.
Oh, Paris reminds me.
Bought the tickets so that I could get to the gate
I once hid in the luggage cart for 12 hours
Oh, right. Rick. What's he doing now?
Me, every third Tuesday.
Ahh, don't leave me hanging, ladies.
Watch the closing doors, please.
I am watching the doors!
It's hard not to. They're about to eat my box.
Yeah, real funny, sir.
A girl said, "eat my box." grow up.
Jeez! How could a dress be this big?
This is just the veil.
I have to get something out of my bag.
Hold this by yourself for a second.
I can't find it. Here, take this.
What is this?
A hundred dollars in change.
We need it for the wedding.
It's a Polish custom to throw change at the bride.
Loose change? Live animals?
Is this a wedding or a cock fight?
Max, this is heavy!
What do you have to get out of your bag?
Something important.
What is it?
That is our Polish bride money!
Back off!
This is not the day to screw with me.
I'm at the business bottom
Queen's Plaza.
Yup. That's what would happen next.
What's the hold up back there?
People are placing bets that I'm halfway to Reno
Relax. After that subway,
They came smelling like that diner cheese
Hey, everybody!
We look just like Sophie! I am so relieved.
All right.
Oleg, stop looking at us like that.
It's okay. I'm marrying you.
You guys look like the Four Tops.
Well, two tops and a bottom.
Oleg, Sophie doesn't want you to see her.
Jump on Chestnut and start down the aisle.
And Chestnut, I'm sorry, baby.
I know you never wanted to do drag.
And, Han, you're supposed to take this
This just went from best man to worst job.
What do you think, girls?
Do I look like a virgin?
Oh, listen! I heard the tuba. That's my cue!
Oh, God!
Her dress almost killed us
Thanks.
We're still in shock.
Since your lawyer called US,
This whole thing is so crazy.
We feel the same way.
They couldn't have switched our babies.
It's got to be a mistake.
Maybe we should take a blood test.
Mom!
I told you to bring the green jacket!
I can't wear red with these shoes! Ugh!
Yes. Carlos Solis loved his wife..
Yes, Carlos Solis loved his wife.... .
I don't think we'll be needing that test.
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's okay, sweetie.
And just so you know, it's Chanel.
You can have one of these by working very hard...
or by marrying a man who works very hard.
Thank you!
What a polite little girl.
Why would you buy that house?
I thought we'd be here at least for a year.
I thought it was a good investment.
But why buy... . that one?
There are other homes for sale around here.
EsCrOw's closed, Beth.
I see no point in discussing this further.
Wait. Bree's a grandmother?
How did I not know this?
Okay, sweetie, I am taking the baby over to Gaby's.
The girls are meeting for poker. I'll be back in a few.
You're not staying?
No. I'm really just doing a drive-by.
Last week, Paige spit up on Gaby's couch,
Why don't you just leave her with me?
Then you can stay for your game.
But we usually play for a couple of hours.
Uh, I guess I heard wrong.
You seem to be bouncing back just fine.
What are you talking about?
When your friend called,
Uh, by any chance.
is this friend named Renee?
She sent US first class tickets.
I wish I had a friend like that.
Look, if you guys need help..
What we need is for you to let us be who we are.
not who you are.
Goodbye, gaby.
Please, call next time.
You said I had a month.
I said I thought it was a month.
It's the Internet. Everything moves very fast.
How many billboards are there?
They talked about a big ad campaign,
You have got to call them.
Get them to stop it, or at least put some other girl up there.
Something!
Hey, my partners spent a lot of money
And they'll agree not to put them up,
Honey. I did the best I could.
I talked them down from $12,000.
It's still a huge hit.
I mean, it puts US right back where we were
I know.
And what's Mike gonna say when he notices
Oh, god. I hadn't even thought of that.
Maybe I should just let them put up the billboards.
At least then when he kills me, I'll be famous.
You know, there is another way.
What do you mean?
Good morning, Renee.
How dare you exploit a traumatic childhood memory.
Yes, I heard you had some sont of episode
Oh, look. He followed you home.
Very funny. I wonder how Keith will react
About the same as when he finds out
Oh. Here's keith now.
Why don't we ask him who he wants to be with?
We con't...
Put him on the spot like that.
Bree, you're getting all red.
Is that a hot flash or you just losing your nerve?
I was gonna finish up with those sconces.
Everything okay here?
Not exactly.
Can we ask you something?
If you had to choose between..
Forest green or brown
Forest green... I guess.
How do you get this thing open?
We usually just take Nancy around
Also doubles as my "going out" purse.
Pardon me, may I get past?
In our doorway?
I don't know what to do.
Hmm. I miss being that stupid.
You know, my cat can't get this open either.
It must be the lack of thumbs.
Rich, funny, and in a suit at 9:00 A.M.?
I really don't know what to do.
You know, my cat, Dickens, loves your cat.
Oh, Dickens, after the author?
Dickens, after the author, Max.
Yeah, I know who that is.
The guy who wrote Muppets Christmas Carol.
There. I knew I'd get it.
She's been hanging around outside our window
So I let her in. I hope that's okay.
Is that okay? It's awesome.
I hope your girlfriend didn't mind.
We just broke up.
And I better get going.
I've got a 10:00 meeting.
Max, give the man his case.
He has a 10:00 meeting.
She doesn't want to get out of cushy this thing.
I had to be dragged out of that massage chair
Well, here's my card, just give me a call
You have a card?
A card, a meeting, a suit, a joke?
Are you the next Bachelor?
Well, thank you, Owen Charles Boyd,
Why do I have to say it so fast?
She's joking, she's just not as funny as you.
Well, it was nice to meet you.
Okay.
Yes, I was flirting.
But I was doing it for our business.
You should really be doing it for your business.
He has a card.
And it's not for medical marijuana.
He's a venture capitalist.
That's the kind of fat cat
Speaking of fat cats, Nancy's looking like
Hey, girls.
Oh, you found Nancy.
I knew she'd come back pregnant.
Wait, Sophie, how can you tell she's pregnant
Well, her fur is thicker, she's got a little sparkle in her eye,
Come on. Push, Nancy.
Come on, we all know what you did.
Now is not the time to be shy.
You do know what you're doing, right, Sophie?
This isn't like the time you told us
Oh, here we go!
Come on, girls, I need some hot water and fresh towels.
We do, too. For, like, four years.
How about some of these T-shirts?
Oh, sure why not use those?
They used to be our bright future.
Now just a ShamWow for illegitimate cats.
Oh, my God, that must be the sound of a surrendering cat uterus.
Well, it's the first time a uterus has surrendered
I don't know why I'm not throwing up.
Oh, wait. I'm starting to.
Well, I'm off Korean dumplings for life.
My business partner stepped on them.
Said it was an accident.
Didn't feel like one.
One shoe ves, but both?
Highly unlikely.
Owen, sometimes in life,
A girl can get screwed as well.
Oh, hey, hi. What's happening?
As in, screwed by one bad business decision.
My coffee's on my loafer!
No, you dab. You don't wipe suede.
Dab. Dab. I'm sorry.
I used to know that.
That's Rich 101.
Let me just go find some water
We're not done yet. I'm going back in.
It's going really well though.
Where's water?
Owen's going to see that email
I have to start paving attention to details.
I'm just gonna go back in.
What? I don't care.
Not without me you're not.
Max, please, let me handle this.
I'm begging you.
We're getting close, look, I'm holding his shoe.
If he doesn't step up here,
Guilt?
Survivor's guilt?
You know, it's very common with veterans.
It's not about my platoon.
You have shoved your feelings aside for so long.
I'm asking you to claim them.
And, Owen.. this is about your platoon.
It's about the fact that I tried
Are you saying the way I feel about my platoon
How will you know if you can't name those feelings?
That's not what it's.. it's...
I don't know.
What do you mean, you don't deliver dresses?
Just to try on?
You should really take it easy.
The chemo's gonna take a lot out of you.
I'll let you know if i hit the wall. Hello.
Hi, yes. I wanted to discuss, flower arrangements.
She needs to save her energy
Crank it up to 15 liters.
know, honey. all right. sit up
You just need to breathe.Slow, slow
Slow, slow. Okay
Book us an or.
Uh, not so fast, Dr Grey
Which means what?
That Mr. Gates will also need a nerve repair.
Does that take place before or after
Before.
Incorrect.
Because you'll have to explore the wound for bone fragments,
Plus, he's acting A little agitated.
Maybe because He was hit by a car.
or because he has you as a doctor
if he leaves and hurts himself, it's on you.
fine, Get your stupid consult.
but if someone In that waiting room dies, That's on you.
I hear congratulation are in order.
what
are very on Seattle grace wedding.
I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
Thank you, sir. Did you Have an assignment for me?
Dresses
Stevens has transform her room into a bridal boutique.
So go, try on dresses
I think you won't to wear a wedding dress.
I don't. How does he Even know were engaged?
Richard's my friend.
He isn't the one That ordered the dress.
also we have to make time for ballroom dancing lessons.
just as you know I was Looking for a relationship.
anyone he or a she.
but just happened
feels easy and Comfortable.
I'm saying i'm happy
You were happy then.
I was 12 It didn't take much.
you are 5 old with me today.
What?
No no no dad, I m not moving back home.
Don't worry, Everything's gonna be okay.
E-everything is o-okay
usually about the age of 4 or 5.
She's 6.
I spoke to my friend who's doing the fund-raising for jessica
they do Stem cell therapy
you can't have Buffalo wings canteen don't do Buffalo wings
Don't you ever dress a in your pile
It's a miracle.
Meredith Grey, child of Darkness, has found someone.
Don't you want To celebrate that?
It's your day. meredith.
you can't just piss it away On a stupid slip dress
that one just Make me so sad..
And i don't want to be sad
Fine. Give me the tiara
Smile.
He's dragging me home
you page me, Robbins
there is anything he hasn't done for me okay? Nothing.
He's paid for med school.
I have a huge trust fund because he doesn't want me
I mean the man have done nothing but support me His whole life.
supporting someone And respecting someone Aren't the same thing.
You need to tell him that.
Well, look who's up
he should be here soon How you feelin'?
You, uh, want some water?
I want my dad.
Oh, it's okay.
It's okay.
when my little boy Is scared,
when he rocks In the chair with me
Oh, there we go, sweetie.
See, he likes this.
Oh, baby
Got you the cheeseburger you wanted from Joe's.
Are you sure about this
No, I feel good. I feel fine. See?
Oh, french fries. God, I love french fries.
Meredith, lets go.
I feel like this dress is giving me a mammogram.
Tell her she has to stop
It's very romantic. It's pretty. right?
Pretty.
And I see you've invited more people to witness my humiliation.
No. Derek and Mark still aren't speaking to each other,
Can you please come and talk to them?
Fine. Okay. You can go.
Christina, will you help her take the dress off?
I'll be in the scrub room
Can you please get me some more?
Okay.
The doctor said if we can find a way to get her there
Matt
Hey, baby. Guess what?
We're gonna go to mexico.
You're gonna love it there.
The sky is so blue. The sand is white.
And the water.
Can we go tomorrow, daddy? I'm so tired.
Why don't you trade places with me?
It's you she wants.
All I need is plane fare. Then we'll be on our way.
I can get someone to relieve you for a while,
I'm okay.
OK. Before you gus go in there and start cutting on this patient,
It's true.
I had to get the scrubs with the elastic waistband.
If you don't apologize right now, she's not scrubbing in.
I won't. And you can't make me
Your best friend's getting married. You should be the best man.
The chief will be my best man.
What?
Don't bother. I ordered them before we started.
I may be irresponsible and untrustworthy out there
I never said you were untrustworthy
Which is what you should've done When I asked you to stay away from Lexie
But now I'm just gonna play it
Oh, hell
Get me some 4
It's something you're wired with.
You chosen your specialty yet?
No, sir.
It's trauma
You want to take Dr. Torres home?
Now I recognize that, uh, my daughter's a senior resident
I'm happy to write out a check
Uh, I appreciate the offer, sir,
Does she know you're here?
You don't have children, do you?
No, no. No, I don't.
No, you don't, no.
Because if you did.
I jumped in front of her. I knew.
I knew i wasn't no good for her
I wrecked her.
It's unforgivable.
I don't forgive myself for that.
I feel shameful About that.
That is what i feel today shame
How is that a start?
You named it. the feeling.
You have to know what it is
He has a long recovery ahead of him.
He really damaged his facial nerves,
Oh my god.
but he'll be fine.
He will be in pain for a while,
Oh, my god. Thank you. Thank you both so much.
Thank Dr. Sloan.
because I'm still confused what happened.
I think the important thing is that, you know,
Sophie, what are you talking about?
We had a fight and you stormed out.
We didn't make up.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, are you okay? I'm...
Okay, Mr. Hangover.
think it's time for some food
You're kind of freaking me out a little bit, Sophie.
I've got to say...Is that bacon?
Oh my God, I can't stop thinking about it.
Can you?
We're just going to have to just I guess...
Time, you know.
I'm not going to be able to stop thinking about this, Ethan.
Well, what else can we do?
I mean what are we, what ar we going to do, you know?
Well, I mean, there's the...
there's the crazy thing to do which is...
Explore it further?
I know you only had a little bit of it
In that house, and I have to say,
Well..
Tt was
All right. That's not what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about that kind of magic.
I know that this is
I imagined like horseback riding
Not exploring other dimensions
What if this is something that I want to do?
You want to 20 back?
I want to help our relationship.
I love it.
How long have you been here, by the way?
Since we came yesterday, silly.
No, I mean, in the guest house.
Since we slept here last night.
Oh. Someone's in detective mode.
Sorry. I didn't mean to be.
That's okay. I don't mind.
Have you explored the grounds very much?
I think I have a pretty good sense of it.
It's so pretty here, isn't it?
It is. Would you like to go on a walk with me?
Not really right now, but you're welcome to go on a walk.
It's your vacation, too.
Okay.
I'll see you in a little bit, Sophie.
Okay, Ethan.
Whoa
Okay. That being in there is 100% convinced that she is you.
She is unflappable.
I think when you go in there
Yeah, you throw out some like very specific examples
Oh, no, no, sweetie.
I don't think we're supposed to challenge them.
What if they disappear or something, you know?
What if they freak out?
I'm just saying what's the harm in letting
Why do you think I'm nervous?
Give me your hand.
What? Don't you trust me?
You were spying on me.
Well, yeah. You were like over 20 minutes in there.
Over 20.
we didn't agree it would be exactly 15 minutes,
Yeah, but you know, we didn't agree
Wait, wait. Intimate, intimate massages?
Are you serious?
I was not into.
I was rocking your body in there.
All right. All right.
I'm sorry. I can see how
Okay?
It's a little confusing. Sorry.
All right. It won't happen again.
Okay.
Understood.
How was it in general though?
Oh my God, it's so weird.
It's so strange. It's really odd.
I mean, you were just... you were wonderful.
You were funny and charming, and you just kept telling me
Does he feel like me to you?
He is you.he's just a little...
He is you.he's just a little..
A little what
You have a great sense of humor and everyone likes you and
You're not saying that like it's like..
the better version when you're in there, right?
No, no, no, no, no.
You're just.
Not at all. That's the crazy thing
What about the physicality... do you notice any differences?
No. No, not really.
Yeah.
You know what, the hair.
There's something about the hair.
The hair?
JI's a little different.
Come here. Let me see.
It's like, like kind of
I don't know. I'm not doing it right or something
Don't worry about it.
Cool.
Oh, and you know what, you don't wear glasses.
You don't wear glasses in there and you seem totally fine with it.
I don't think the pocket dial makes as much sense
I would have.. So what do you think it was?
Oh, you think that he called them.
Yeah, and to me that's a logical conclusion.
Ie looks like me.
Ethan, you're looking a little uncomfortable.
Can I help you with something?
Okay, so according to you,
We all go home tomorrow,
Sometimes these things just happen.
Yeah, that's right. They do.
I don't buy it.
All right
And it basically says that aberrations happen.
You can drive yourself nuts trying to derive meaning
That's so interesting.
It is, isn't it?
It's not that interesting
A minute later you flip that switch, the lights come on.
Now we all know how electricity works,
Magic happened
Does he ruin it by questioning how or why?
No. He enjoys it.
And I am not a gorilla.
Don't worry about it. I got it
There a little bit le t.
Should we finish it
You can say that again.
Has Ethan..I mean your Ethan
Like what?
Well, Ethanmy Ethan and I,
Like he knew when I was going to go in the house
Yeah, for the most part.
And you want to know if we shared our experiences also.
Guess I'm just curious.
I can see that.
Nailed it, nailed it.
I knew you had the aces.
Dude, by the way, you're getting very good at this game..
almost too good.
I'm beginning to think this is like one long Sophie con.
He clearly just let you win.
Yes, Ethan. Obviously he let me win.
Come on, guys.
This is supposed to just be a friendly game
The reason he's not being fun is because he's not even playing
That's just how it works.
All right. Fine. I'll play.
Deal me in. Youl and me.
Come on.
You want to play one on..
Okay. All right. That's the spirit.
Come on, buddy. Let's get in the game.
Let's go.
All right.
How many cards do you want?
Whoa!
Ethan, just calm down.
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute.
T don't want to take all the credit here
What are you talking about?
Do you want to tell her or should T?
Is this necessary?
I think it's important that Sophie knows what's going on.
We're all friends here, right?
Would everybody just tell me what we're talking about?
What happened?
It's nothing
It was actually kind of a brilliant move.
He didn't go to the grocery store.
He ended up sneaking into the guest house,
I can't fucking pretend to be you..I am me.
You. what the fuck are you talking about?
Just shut up! Sophie, please.
That was you yesterday?
Sorry, guys.
I didn't want to make like a thing here.
If you guys need some space or something.
If you want to like take the guest house, you'd be welcome.
I'm not going anywhere.
No, I want you to leave.
..If not, leave a detailed message
Hey. It's Ethan.
Um, I'm really just calling to thank you
Maybe next session you can send us
Thank you very much.
Alright, so we have to hit the keys at the exact same time.
This is a strange exercise.
On three, okay?
One.
Hey, we're getting ready to head out.
You want to get changed?
Well, all my clothes are back at the guest house,
We're probably the same size.
Well, that's top's really cute on you.
Do you have anything like that?
have another one.
Come on, girls. Let's go.
They're just right in there,
Great. Thanks so much.
Sure. Do you need anything else?
Um, well, my toothpaste and toothbrush is over there.
Do you have anything?
Sure, I'll get you something
It's important.
Hey. Did you find some clothes for her?
Yep. She'll be down in a minute.
And I'll be checking you out twice.
Hey, Sophie, sit anywhere you like.
Oh, uh, let's see.
Where is lighting that will make me look most attractive?
What am I saying? I look good everywhere.
I am meeting man for first time that I met online.
I wonder if he's here yet.
Well unless you've been cruising singles
You could meet my pole any time.
No, this will never happen.
You're not my type.
Well, what is your type?
Wow, they have those automatic hand dryers that blow you.
I love being blown like that.
Those look like two giant orange traffic cones.
Are you trying to tell me not to park there?
This is a lady.
Show her some respect.
Sophie has new man in her life.
I am so mad I cannot see straight.
Well, I'm looking right at him and I don't see straight either.
Caroline, I've written down address of drug store
Here, I will pay for it.
Unless it is cancer.
Then I'm out.
And, Max, here is check for table seven.
Booyah!
How long is it gonna take to see a doctor?
I'm stage one pre-sick.
I need penicillin.
I told you before, you have to man up
I'm not like you.
I have actual things I feel.
Menachem Goldman.
This must be the orthodox Jewish neighborhood.
Either that or we're in ZZ Top-ville.
Max, have some respect.
Hey, I got nothing but respect.
They basically invented southern rock.
I love the Jewish people.
Whenever I felt sick before,
So your love was contingent on pills?
We're not that different.
Actually, the Kleins and I were very close.
I was invited to many passover in their home.
In fact, they called me their honorary Jew.
Rivka Shemshelewitz.
Well, you're no Rivka Shemshelewitz.
So why don't you just give Dr. Klein a call?
I did three times and no return.
I guess he doesn't want anything to do with me anymore
All those years I thought we were family.
Guess not.
I don't know, ignoring your needs
Sounds like family to me.
Caroline Channing, Caroline Channing.
Finally.
Let me do the talking.
I learned a lot of Hebrew from Mrs. Klein.
These are my people.
What can I get you ladies,
Sorry, I didn't know it was an orthodox neighborhood.
You know what, we could just tie our coats around our waists.
Max?
Oh, and look at the breasts on this one.
Coat on or off? Make up your mind.
No, Bubala, I'm just saving,
It's been a few years, but trust me,
Here you go, Esther Rachael.
How else do you think I landed
Oh, doctor?
Oh, we're still on that ride?
I'm sorry.
It's just, I'm so happy to be
I was very close to my neighbors, the Kleins.
In fact, they called me their honorary Jew.
Stop now.
This is like when you tell Earl
We'll just get our money and go.
Take our money and go?
What are we, barbarians?
Stay and celebrate a little.
But, out here in the kitchen, away from the men.
Sit, eat, come.
Three of my favorite things to do.
Good looks and funny. What a catch.
Hadassa, hand me a spoon.
Tell me, Esther Rachael,
Someone's been on the Internet.
No way, this is a pasta and a dessert?
Ooh, there he is.
My only son. My little angel.
The Bar Mitzvah boy who, today, becomes a man.
Girls, this is Shmuley
Say hello to the girls who made the cupcakes, boys.
Nice to meet you.
Uh, I don't know what's going on,
Damn, sweetness, your lips are moving
Uh.. Is that Yiddish?
Oh, boys, there you are, come on.
Say goodbye to the cupcake ladies.
Nice to meet you.
Did that just happen or has my fever suddenly spiked?
That's the first time I ever saw anyone
Yo, yo, yo!
And they're back.
Yo, today my boy became a mans.
That's right.
Got my bar mitzvah done, son.
Preach!
So let's get to it.
How much of my Mitzvah money
Max!
Yo, don't get all jealous, vanilla cone.
How about you turn around and make it pop for daddy?
How would you like it if I told your mother
How is you gonna say anything with your mouth full?
Damn, son!
Come in here, ma. This way.
Don't say anything to her.
Let's just get our money and get out of here.
Max, she should know.
You wanna ruin their day and not get paid?
Just keep it to yourself for five minutes and we're gone.
I want you to meet my mother, Hinda Fagel.
Ma, this is Max who made the kosher cupcakes.
And I'm Caroline.
Yeah, hi, I think I'm that kind of girl.
Max, what are you talking about?
I made sure every single one of those
Yes, well, maybe my rabbi didn't have such high standards.
I'm so sorry,
So close.
Max, I told you how important
Yes, you told me about tradition and family.
but none of that meant anything
And she was nice enough to put it on my head
Your attendance implies it's not.
I like a party as much as the next man,
Oh, by the way, don't forget,
Oh, Sheldon, we don't need a meeting every three months.
Well, it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up
Lucky for you it's tomorrow.
Oh, you know what? I'm not going.
Well, you have to go.
It's Penny's first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance.
This meeting is a waste of time.
Whether we make the switch
You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins.
You're the only one who eats them!
And yet you get to weigh in.
I'm not going; you can't make me.
Well, we'll just see about that.
What is the problem?
He says he's not coming to the Roommate Agreement meeting tomorrow.
Well, why the hell did I memorize the Pledge?
You have fun. I will not be attending.
Oh, fine. We don't have to have
Yo, Amy, just one second.
Meeting.
I mean, if it's a boy,
Which means I'm gonna have to Google "How to play catch."
they're so innocent and..
you know how guys are.
Totally, guys are the worst.
I mean, look at me.
Oh, good, go. You know, it'll be nice to
Don't get too fond of this character."
In one case, it's because they've become involved
Yeah, but I won't say who it is.
It's Bran!
Wait, what is going on?
Leonard's being a jerk, so we're gonna watch over here,
As long as I don't have to watch with him.
Fine, I don't want to watch with you either.
I'll go over here.
Why do you get to pick?
Where'd you get that from?
From Amy.
Ugh. Amy, why did you tell him that?
Because you were defending Sheldon like you always do.
I don't always defend Sheldon.
Oh, yes, you do. You know you have a weird
What about your weird relationship with him?
That's different.
I'm like the little girl in Poltergeist
Um, guys?
Your infections are getting worse.
Your infections, you mean.
I didn't have them before you two idiots operated.
And you didn't even do that right.
Again, I am sorry, but your lung cancer
I can afford any hospital in the world,
When am I getting outta here?
I've been here for three weeks.
This is not Guantanamo.
Discharge her, please. I'll pay you.
There is not much more that we can do
Now get me outta here before I sue your balls off.
Well, we'll run some tests,
Give me a number.
Well, it's at a 0.8 now, and I'd like it to be above a 2.
It wasn't your fault. It was a massive M.I.
After we inform Mr. Beckert's family,
Is there a chance they could shut down the trial?
Oh, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna shut it down, pending the autopsy.
I want to know why we didn't see it coming.
I thought Dr.Bailey said Torres can't be moved yet.
Yes, sir, but since she has had no contact with the baby,
I think it'll do the both of them good.
I mean, come on. I'm all for mother/baby bonding,
Why do you even ask me these things, huh?
I thought you were a doctor.
I need your help with something.
Oh, wait. I have, uh, Patient 122's trial packet.
It was never opened, so it needs to go back into the lot.
Oh, okay. One sec.
I heard about your patient. I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
You, too.
Henry, will you open the door?
I'm sorry. The place is, uh...
That's like Kanye West trying to raise money for laying low. shvsash.com
My super cute tee!
Best idea I ever had.
Right up there with the bong with a chin strap
Yeah, buy them or my dad won't pay
They are making a fortune on us.
Hello, girls. You can "Cease and Desist"
This is our attorney. Mr....
Lu Su.
And he is holding our Cease and Desist
Okay, well, first, your lawyer
Is that a bad thing?
And if you have anything further to say,
And he's real good.
I forgot how mean girls can be.
How? I'm your roommate.
Thank you, Kemberly. Thank you, Ashlin.
Hello, girls, you all look very nice.
What is he doing?
Yes, who's my hyperactive little reindeer?
You are! Oh! You got it.
What do we think?
"Merry Christmas. What are you getting this year?"
Noelle! Mmm.
Morning, princess.
Thank you, but I don't want breakfast.
Yes, you do.
I'm very busy.
I have been out in the forest,
I don't need you to do any of that stuff. Honestly.
You would starve and die if it weren't for me.
That's what you think. Oh, my garland. This is delicious.
Oh, my partridge-in-a-pear-tree underwear needs washing.
Oh, well, then my Christmas wish has been granted.
Come on, Snowy. I'll race you.
Puffins, scatter!
Sorry, guys!
Noelle! Elf Carol. Daily Carol.
Can I ask you a few questions?
Guacamole?
Guacamole? What is it made from?
Hi, Helen.
Can I have $150 a day, please?
Hey, Helen. We're all out of bird food.
Or a George Foreman Grill?
Alex doesn't cook.
Are you sure?
He analyzed the breakfast you gave him
He really warmed up to you.
He's a great kid, isn't he?
Yeah. Oh, steak knives.
Sometimes, I feel like a hyped-up
My what?
Your female energy.
Besides, you're the one that told me to go.
You said, you, you said, "Go! Take some time."
You know how hard this has been?
Everybody at home is blaming me, yelling at me,
So it doesn't matter that I'm finally happy
All that matters is what's happening to you.
Oh, you better not pout, you better not cry.
All I have ever done is try to help you.
You're a coward who's too afraid to be Santa Claus!
Exactly! Bingo! Partridge in a pear tree!
That's what I've been trying to tell you!
Then I guess, that's all there is to say.
Wait, where are you going?
I'm going to the North Pole
Do you know what? If I wasn't so enlightened,
She's invited me over for Christmas morning.
That's amazing! Oh, Alex would love that so much.
You're gonna go, right?
I think she just feels obligated.
It'll probably be awkward,
I'm gonna stay at home, put a frozen pizza in the oven
Dad! The sleigh is amazing.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
When are we gonna see Noelle and Polly again?
Probably never.
Polly! That..
Well, I do have somewhere I need to be for Christmas.
But you're gonna get your wish and spend
Because you're nice. I mean, officially.
Come on. Thanks, guys. It was...
It was jolly.
Oh, I hope their Christmas works out.
Oh, well, look at you.
Worrying about someone else's Christmas and not your own.
Now that is very mature.
Thank you, Polly.
What are you doing here?
How did you get here?
Did you fly here all by yourself?
Polly! Look who it is.
You're so brave. You must have picked up
How many people wear gingerbread deodorant?
Oh. What have you got? It's from Mother.
"Noelle, I know I was angry,
Laugh.. mostly at you.
Which still makes it my best Christmas in a long time.
So, when Polly came to see me
Wait, so you believe what I told you?
I believe that you believe.
But to get out of here, stop talking about the North Pole,
And it turns out there's nothing there
See?
It's just a tradition we've been
These things happen.
Oh, man!
The question is, what really makes a Santa?
Ultimately, the one thing all Santas share
Noelle, can you inspire us?
What does Christmas mean to you?
I used to think Christmas was the best day of the year.
How long have you been out in the field?
It should say there, in the file.
I want to hear what you say.
A long time.
I didn't know you smoked.
When did you start?
Right after I quit drinking
I was a drunk
How do I feel?
How do you feel about the girl?
She asked a very good question.
Which was? Why?
Well, that's a question that needs to be asked.
We're vulnerable to qualms of conscience like anyone else.
We face these decisions every day, and we vote up or down.
Like everything else,
To determine whether you are fit to remain in the field.
I hate that it had to turn out this way.
Me taking care of the girl, me taking care of the police
We have a station for you to look after.
Blackleg Miner.
And one of the very few people who can process code at this level.
You and another team, alternating shifts. Three days each.
You keep the station safe, you keep the code safe.
Whatever it takes.
Okay.
Do the job, Emerson.
I don't wanna look like an ass for sticking my neck out on this one.
Sorry. Little last-minute broadcast come through.
'll inform the authorities
Wanna hear my latest theory?
Sure. We're coordinating troop movements in Afghanistan.
Long-term tactical formations.
Yhac?
When I didn't get off the train right away,
How was your weekend? Good
What I already knew. Yeah, I got it.
Did you get mine?
I was trying to make a joke about
Spell-checks are usually pretty accurate.
If they know the code from before, they're gonna come back in.
They're gonna use it again.
No, the codes change every shift.
They could have had David and Meredith's code but not ours.
Where are they?
Take a deep breath.
We're gonna walk. We're gonna call for help. Okay?
"Cardiff, Aberdeen, Glasgow, Belfast, Oxford, Slough."
Blackleg Miner Station. Go ahead.
The station's been compromised.
Requesting immediate evacuation.
Omne moment.
Yeah
Okay.
Ts all this blood normal?
Well, you have a piece of truck in your leg.
No way is a joke gonna make me feel more comfortable
Grit your teeth.
Looks like we missed the artery.
But it's gonna be okay, right?
You could still bleed ou.
Emerson, lie to a girl, will you?
Bite down. I think it's starting to hurt.
That was bizarre.
Emerson!
Yeah.
I thought you left me.
How long was I out?
Little while. Not long
Yeah.
So, what? What? They wanted to stop the broadcasts?
You know as much as I do
Sit back down
They can't blame us for anything
We're fine. Ve were ambushed Calm down.
I am calm. But what are we gonna do next?
Stop walking around on your leg.
'm fine. What do we do next?
Jet's see what's down there.
We're Clear
He only fired two shots.
Oh, my God, it's David.
Oh, my God!
They must have thought he was dead. Bled out.
He knew there was a gun hidden down here.
There it is.
If I wanted to cripple the system in one fell swoop,
But they've already sent the broadcasts.
I mean, what the hell do they want with us?
They wanna kill us. Make sure you don't cancel the broadcasts.
Grab that. Let's go.
Used to what?
Bodies. Dead people. Seeing them.
They never seem to stay dead. How's it going over there?
There's stuff on here, but it's password protected.
I know, but can you open it?
I don't know. I'm trying
We don't.
Good. Just keep working
Can you just talk to me?
Yeah, what do you wanna talk about?
Anything Just regular stuff. Like what normal people talk about.
Not really my strong suit, Katherine.
How do you know I dropped out of college?
Oh, that was just a lucky guess.
Grabbed my file or something?
You fit a profile.
O what?
Civilian broadcasters have a certain, you know, personality trait
Well, I can't work in silence, so you might as well just entertain me.
How about your profile?
Indifferent and emotionally detached from reality.
Inability to communicate with any other
Willing to sit silently in one place for hours at a time
No. Close.
No, I had a stable childhood
Restless. Sense of self-entitlement.
Striking lack of empathy or compassion for other people.
Stop.
You know, I, um, didn't always do this.
This is my first station assignment.
I was on the other end of the numbers.
Looking at nine million black-book tax dollars.
Recruited me straight out of college.
Said it was the best opportunity I'd ever have.
Told me I'd do special things, important things.
Well, you're worth more than
Himm..
All they're really talking about is what's real. Reality.
They know how to use it. They're good at it.
I should have listened to myself.
Where are you going?
Nowhere! Where am I gonna go?
I'm stuck here with you. Yeah.
And what have you got, huh?
What have you got outside of this? Bo you have a life?
How could that possibly matter?
What do you mean "how does it matter"
What have you got? You've got nothing to live for except for this!
Mmm-hmm... This is all you've got.
You've got your protocol. You've got your numbers.
You're on the other side of the fucking numbers.
And you read them and you take their money.
You think you're not a part of this, huh?
Do you think you can fuck around with these people?
What's wrong with you? What are you doing here?
Will I die?
No, you can live a long time like this.
need a doctor.
Can you take the bullet out?
It's a lot different than taking a piece of scrap out of your leg
Here.
This is gonna take the pain away for a while.
Wait.
I'm gonna wake up, right?
Please.
We'll put the billiard room through there, eh?
You ever play billiards, Tom?
Best bloody billiard players in the world, Australians.
Says who?
Well, ask anyone.
Best billiard players, best horsemen, miners...
A Fritz machine gunner got a bead on us.
Yeah, it's Boris. It's a farm building.
They call it the Red House.
Solid as bloody Gibraltar.
Our artillery's been blasting away at it for a week.
Who didn't show up until you arrived
Your point being?
That it was bad enough my men being shelled from above
Now they're being mined from underneath.
If the man is wounded, Woodward,
If he's not, then he should be back on duty.
Either way, he shouldn't be here.
If you want my opinion, neither should you.
Good to feel wanted, eh, Tiffin?
Wouldn't like to think we were over here
Clayton's alright. He's just got the wind up him, that's all.
Hides it well.
People do.
Seems a shame to waste this.
Spot of tea, old man?
Oh, rather!
Mama!
It's alright, Tiffin. It's alright, son.
Hello? Is anybody home?
They don't belong to you, do they?
Oliver, is that you?
Mrs Waddell.
Colin, Gordon, round the back.
Clean yourselves up before your father gets home. Now, please.
Hey, hey, wait. That's not fair!
I was hoping I might catch Moffat.
Ah. Well, you're too late, I'm afraid. He's joined up.
Light Horse?
Of course.
How was Papua?
You know, we thought the headhunters might have got you.
They took one look at my head and ran away.
Tell you something, though, Mrs Waddell,
I think that's perhaps how we got here so quickly.
So, when I arrived I loosened the girth.
Must've forgotten to cinch it up. Stupid of me.
Are you sure you're not injured?
No, I'm fine, honestly.
Thank you for the tea, Mrs Waddell.
Mr Waddell.
Oliver.
Isabel.
Anything?
There's something wrong with this bloody candle.
It's just making it darker.
It's not the candle, Pull Through. It's the air.
Not enough oxygen for it to burn.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Could be worse.
Oh, Tommo, how could it possibly be worse?
Well, they could send us to Hill 60.
What's Hill 60?
Messines Ridge, just across the border, near Wipers'.
The point, Pull Through, is you shouldn't have
Still don't know what I heard, but.
Maybe it really was me heart.
Maybe I never heard no Germans.
Of course you heard 'em.
Don't make no difference.
Oh, fuck, man.
Courtesy of the Northumberland Fusiliers.
Oh, bloody generous of 'em.
Send 'em our regards.
Probably not a good idea, Corp.
Tiffin?
We was ready to give up on you, Pull Through.
We wasn't.
Well, we was.
Well, you was. You said.
Finish your letter, Walt, or get some more shut-eye.
But the Lieutenant knew about the strata, Dad. How it holds up, like.
And that's why we kept digging.
Oh, yes, sir.
And how much explosive charge would you need to demolish that building?
Depends where you placed it, sir.
How much would you need to do the job properly?
50 pounds.
Do we have that in the stores or do we have to requisition it?
We have it on hand, sir.
There's a listening post at 105 Drive.
That'd put you about 70 foot from Boris.
If we drove north from there,
Oh, three shifts, 30 foot a day
Let's have it done before sun-up, 0400.
Clayton, you'll have to cut a gap in the wire.
I'll have the artillery give you one hour.
Sir. Sir!
He couldn't get out of here fast enough.
Word is that bastard won't catch a train in case it's going down a tunnel.
It'll mean going over the bags...
Keep your heads down, lads.
I nearly forgot-A present from Fritz.
He said to say, "Thanks for all your help."
You'll be right, lads.
Thanks, mate.
Too early for the grey hen, sir?
Never too early.
You're just skin and bones.
Come on, son.
She'll send me another parcel tomorrow, more than likely.
Decent fit.
My Elsa's a first-rate knitter.
When we get back,
Want to be a bit better-Looking than the old one.
Your boy's gonna make a great prop forward.
Don't I know it? And he's still growing.
You join up together?
One of them recruiting blokes came through town.
Gets the young fella all excited with his stories of adventure
Never spent one bloody night away from home
Elsa's nearly had bloody kittens, hasn't she, Walt?
Yep.
Actually...
...I'd like to ask you something.
I would like your permission
And.
..I'd like to spend some time with her before I leave.
So why Berlin Sap'?
It goes so deep under German lines,
It's just mud and slurry. Like sinking a mine in a bog.
Yeah, the blue clay's further down.
This whole area is below sea level.
Keeping the water out was their main problem.
Was?
Now it's ours.
We're 90 feet down now.
Right below German lines.
Hill 60 is directly above us.
The blue clay of Flanders.
Beautiful.
Major North, 3rd Canadian Tunnellers.
Fritz has set up in the swim sand.
He can't get at us. Oh no no no.
If you will.
8,000 pounds of guncotton.
I've never seen anything like this before.
No, nobody has. Nobody.
500 feet down there is a caterpillar mine.
That one's 70,000 pounds.
There's 21 of them.
We've undermined the whole of the Messines
You know, when this thing blows
Each mine has detonators and leads running to the surface.
All we have to do is keep the bloody thing dry
No,no,no. No. Fritz has got no idea.
He thinks we're digging wells.
Top level's mostly sand.Clay starts around 30 feet.
Water seeps down, pools above the clay.
Where it finds a tunnel, it funnels down like a bloody creek.
We have 60 blokes manning the pumps night and day
If we lose even a few of those men,
Where did they get this lot?
Definitely. Let us know how it goes.
Yes, when it came to a crisis,
Fine. I'll talk to Susan.
Even if Bree herself would have preferred to be a passenger.
As the mother of five,
If's bad enough she stole your husband,
What am I supposed to do?
I'm not gonna drag Penny into the middle of this.
Well, apparently, Jane doesn't play by the same rules.
I think it's time to fight dirty.
Now some might say,
Can you believe this guy?
I would die for him.
Yeah. That's a healthy attitude.
So while you're opening your portfolios
Bows of fruit.
Portraits of children.
Did you look in my portfolio?
As a matter of fact, I did.
I wanted to steel myself for disappointment.
Okay, again, as a former teacher,
Apparently not.
Don't talk, dear.
Her technique is atrocious.
Cats with crayons could draw more convincingly,
And I love it.
I would follow him into hell.
I think we already have.
Celia, get back here! Give me that now!
Hey, hey, hey, enough with the screaming!
Come on. Sit down. Come on.
What are we having? Spaghetti and meat-shapes?
Well, they started off as balls. What do you want from me?
Is daddy eating with Us?
No, sweetie. He's taking a nap.
Celia! Use a fork, not the doll.
Mom, remember that cabin on the lake?
Can we rent it again
Spring? It isn't even Thanksgiving yet.
I know, but we always plan our vacations in the fall.
Who knows what we'll be doing then?
"Sorry. sweetie. We can't rent that cabin
You can't promise that, Carlos.
It's been two months.
Nothing's happened. Relax.
Where's this coming from?
I'm just saying, a cop could show up at the door any day
And we don't even have someone to take care of the kids.
Sure, we do. We named a guardian when we did our will.
Look at US.
We were really a family then.
We're a family now. Aren't we?
Of course. Oh, of course. It's just..
Just what?:
I don't wanna say anything bad.
You should go wait out on the porch.
You don't need to sit here listening to my...
legitimate whining.
I don't wanna go over there.
Hang on.
You guys have a problem with?
It's just, we're still learning how to take care of one kid.
You've got two, and they're both...
You know.
What:
You know it. We know it. Why are we dancing around it?
I was gonna say "Spirited."
See, they used to be like that.
They've changed. They're all grown up now.
Now because she's crazy
In fact, we're going to save that crazy lady's life
Got it?
Told you I saw a lion.
I know you know.
Is this about Cristina again?
She walks away every time I try to talk to her,
I wish I could take it back.
Probably.
Oh, quit it. Stop thinking about the hot ortho nurse.
Wait. You... you think she's hot?
I-I could see it in those eyes.
Those eyes said, "You are meat."
What happened then?
Then he lunged, and I just reacted.
I shoved my arm right into his mouth.
Who the hell who does that?
Who the hell feeds himself to a lion?
I'm kinda wondering the same thing.
What do we got?
And there's your arm.
Yeah, that's what you expect when you hear "lion".
I bet it's nice to know what to expect
She never bothered to mention she had a pet lion?
Seems like something that ought to come up on a first date.
Oh, yeah. You shoulda brought a bull whip.
So I dissect out and remove the animal cadaver hearts.
Then I insert them with the catheters
Correct. And why do we do that?
To drain the hearts of their existing cardiac cells
Like stripping a house down to its frame only.
We are scrubbing away cells of hearts, Cristina,
We are wiping them clean,
And then in theory.
when we inject them with stem cells...
They'll live again.
Let's grow ourselves some new hearts.
Yes, you did.
But you're still a student,
Any other questions?
Are you gonna tell Mark to move in with Julia?
I mean, what do they even really talk about?
I mean, plus, she has really thin hair,
We don't talk about stuff like this.
I will see you in pre-op.
You're not using the oil.
Alex uses his oil when Tommy's distressed.
We almost didn't come in.
We're only in town till tomorrow.
We're catching a cruise for Alaska.
Mr. Carroll, you're experiencing a heart attack.
We need to take you up to the cath lab
Can you tell me what you were doing
We just went out to walk around our bed and breakfast.
And it was like a piano fell
So you were walking.
You weren't running or anything else
Well...
We saw a lion.
So that was a little awkward.
Don't you think, that thing with Colleen?
Almost seems like you guys were a thing.
Yeah, she gets like that.
Oh, really?
She gets like that, like you know how she gets,
Callie.
What? It's not... What? I'm just asking.
It's not a big deal.
Oh, we were. We were a... a little bit of a thing
Seems like something you would've mentioned.
Well, it didn't even occur to me.
Have you dated other people in the hospital
Okay, you know what? We're not doing this.
No, it's totally fine.
Not all of them. You don't know about Karev.
Karev. I know about Karev.
Look, just give me a number. Ballpark.
What, five? Ten? A hundred?
Okay, that's the NICU. I have to go.
No, no, no, no, no. You can't just go.
I'm sorry, but the babies, they need me, so...
Yep.
"You're ignoring me. You're a total"...
then there's a lot of strong language.
If you need to step away, just say so.
I'm fine. Are we warmed?
Yes, we are, doctor.
For what it's worth, I think you're doing the right thing.
She needs to figure out how to take care of herself
She's alone.
There is no time like the present to embrace it.
Turn it off. Please.
All right. Removing the aortic cross-clamp now.
I see some bleeding.
Damn it. The ventricle's ruptured.
Oh, no one thinks that.
They should.
Naomi does.
Gotta be why she didn't tell me that Kirby was a lion.
She knew I would've freaked out.
We met on a dating site.
And when I saw her profile, she seemed...
so adventurous,
Maybe I misrepresented myself a little bit.
Hang on. Kirby was going for her
Son, you are a hero.
You were the knight on the white horse
So... I saved her?
I'll tell you one thing,
Really?
Did you tell her yet?
When your surgery was finished..
I went to look for your wife in the waiting room.
I thought that she had fallen asleep,
Oh, no.
Hey, don't do that.
It's just a sound effect.
The ice isn't cracking.
They are watching to make sure
I mean, can you imagine the lawsuits
Learn to have some fun in your life. Jeez.
Whoever did this is an artist.
What is that?
But now the world's gone soft.
Everything is safe. Everything is careful.
So, we created a sport for people
and we provided them with a box seat
Our customers are some of the most powerful
But every year, they demand more.
More complicated rooms.
More interesting subjects.
More ways to gamble on life and death.
Last year, they had college athletes..
There's only one Mr. White here
Sit down, Harry.
I said, sit down.
Don't make me tell you twice.
And you can wipe that smirk off your face,
There's an hierarchy around here,
I'm not a gangster, Mr Comer
Some of them are quite pleasant and fun,
I'm looking for an employee who can handle the latter.
In no uncertain terms, I'll pay you a decent sum
I'm not looking for a bargain, Mr Comer,
I'm a fair man and I expect you to do what I ask,
Now, if you can do this,
If you can't, I shall thank you for your time,
Alright, who invented copper wire?
Who?
Who's your uncle then?
Al White and who are you?
Jack Spot.
I'm the owner now, there ain't nothing on the house
How much is that Stanley?
It's a guinea Mr Comer.
Have one for yourself Stanley
Let's make it 30 bob and we're all good.
Lemonade?
If you're gonna stand there taking bets,
That doesn't.
yes you do, pay me the money.
But I don't have any.
Pay me the money,
Lay off him, he's mine.
Not anymore.
Dear Mr Comer, my name is Billy Hill
but it will definitely be the last.
And believe you me, I'm a man of my word.
I've even spoken to Moisha a few times
You're different though, you're smart,
If you're at all interested in finding out more
Yours sincerely, Billy Hill.
Hello Jessie, how are you?
I'd like you to meet my friend, Billy Hill.
Hello mate, how good to see you.
Good to see you John.
Two Jack bosses please Alex.
Right away Mr Comer.
They've even named a drink after me.
Like it?
Very much.
This is the high life Billy
Why'd you wanna work for me then?
Well Mr Comer.
Call me Jack.
Well Jack, I admire you see,
How you took on the Whites.
NM 3 man We can much gnu May.
That's "um-up hr he bucks.
Let's just say, I'm expanding my horizons.
Tell Jack I want him out of Soho.
I'm back and I'm here to stay.
I don't think he'll like that, Mr White.
What are you saying exactly?
What I'm saying, exactly, is if we're going to go on
Let's say we'll be having to turn
Where the fuck is all my money?
Our money you mean.
Without this, I've got nothing.
I been meaning to sort out my properties for awhile now.
Just had other priorities.
Being a landlord is not to everyone's taste, running a pub,
It's nothing that you ain't used to,Jack.
It's a lovely five bedroom flat upstairs
We'll take it.
You're welcome Rita.
Three,
Charles thought you were Jack Bosby,
New bloke said he'd never heard of you.
Sorry Jack.
What do you want Billy?
Came to visit you in hospital the first time,
Met your wife and she said something interesting.
So how are you doing?
We were having a fight when he...
I'm feeling guilty 'cause I should have gotten him here sooner and..
Honey, the doctors here are great.
He's gonna bounce right back.
You have nothing to worry about.
You know what? I am so happy that you guys came here. I really am.
But I am trying hard to be strong,
You're gonna lose it?
Then we won't comfort.
I will be fine by myself. I am not a child.
I know you're not a child,
I'm fine. Really.
Why should you fend for yourself
Let me shoulder the burden. It would be my pleasure.
What kind of freak are you? Just leave me alone.
You are not my mother.
I told you that I am fine. Stop acting like my mother and go home.
I wish it were that easy, Zachary,
Your father's not coming back.
I haven't heard back and I was getting a little concerned.
The girls and I were talking and we think maybe Paul Young killed Mrs. Huber
I thought the whole point of having a cell phone
How can we move forward if you won't communicate with me?
Mike, I need you to call me back. I mean it.
Can you take those off? There's no way I'm dressing him.
Gabby, thank God you're doing this.
Beating up a second gay guy looks bad.
Yes, well, Carlos, in some circles,
So why did you change your mind?
I'm about to be the mother of your child,
So if I'm gonna get you out of this mess, you have to reciprocate.
you're going to get up, without saying one word.
Doctor's appointments, you're driving. I won't put a car seat in my Maserati.
I don't like the idea of this guy being around Julie 2417.
He's a good person.
Mike's cool, Dad. He cares about us a lot and I like having him around.
So don't mess this up.
He's still a plumber.
You Honor, this whole mess is just a result of my loneliness.
My marriage is a bit strained.
After Carlos was convicted...
No one's been convicted yet, Mrs. Solis. This is just a grand jury hearing.
Oh, no, I'm talking about his other crime.
Oh. Right.
Go ahead.
Anyways, he was placed under house arrest
He knows how men look at me and...
Well, I didn't exactly ease his mind.
I... falsely led him to believe I was having an affair.
Before Carlos' house arrest, he was always working and he was never with me.
I thought that maybe if he believed I was having an affair...
he would realize he loved me.
I know it sounds stupid. I do. I just...
Is there a point to this?
My point is that Carlos is an angry, jealous Neanderthal.
She was just a sad girl with a lot of problems.
She did some terrible, crazy, selfish stuff.
But you tell me what she ever could have done to deserve death
If's complicated.
It's so... complicated.
And just like that, my husband began sharing my secrets.
You want some carrot, Zachary?
Secrets I had died to protect.
I'd like you to meet Irina.
Hello.
I am finally to meet the lovely Preston family.
Nice to meet you. Irina.
Um, Preston didn't say he was bringing a friend.
Oh, she's more than a friend, mom. We're in love.
Yes, Preston Scavo had returned from his trip
Well, I will save you the trip,
She wants nothing to do with your son.
She'll tell you herself.
Hey, this is Ana. Leave a message.
And if you're my aunt Gaby, I know what you did.
Drop dead.
Hold that cab. I'm coming with you.
ason Vale Cotton
That young man is the first one here every morning
Well, I am sorry you don't appreciate him.
I think he's tremendous.
In fact, I have decided to give him a promotion.
A promotion to what?
Vice president.
Hey. check my stationery. I'm vice president.
Well, a company can have more than one.
There's plenty of work to go around.
Because you had to be looking in a fashion magazine,
Are we done sharing?
Oh, yeah.
Wow. So Paris, Prague, Madrid...
It sounds like you guys saw everything.
But you still haven't told US how you two met.
Well, uh, the first time I saw Irina was on a beach in Nice.
how do you say? A gold digger.
You know, if you're right, she'll move on soon enough.
Yeah.
I need to talk to you guys.
I know that look. He's come to his senses.
I proposed to Irina, and she said yes.
Okay. I don't know that look at all.
You proposed?
But you've only known each other for a few months.
Yeah. But she's the one. I know it.
Oh, honey.
Why: The feds don't care about him.
It's not the feds I'm worried about.
Oh, so that's why you want to take him away.
Patrick Logan?
If my kid shows up, he's a direct link to me.
That's how he'll find me.
That was 18 years ago.
Patrick Logan does not care about you.
and he sure as hell does not care about my grandson!
Ma, please.
I'll tell Danny you were here.
Robin the stripper?
You had sex with Robin the stripper?
Now l've got a lot of great..
Oh, oh, sorry. I was just, uh, showing my support.
Carry on.
Andrew, is that beer?
Hey, just because you can't have a liquid lunch,
It's okay. If's okay. I've got this.
Okay, buddy, why don't we get you some coffee?
Why don't we not? Oh, besides,
Get your hands off me!
Andrew!
Sam, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Excuse me? I think I'm in the wrong place.
Does Sam Allen live here?
That one. But he's not here.
Oh. Then I guess I'll just, uh, lee these on his porch.
If you want the dogs to eat it.
Put it inside. If's unlocked.
Mrs. Hodge?
What are you doing with a picture of Rex?
I'm waiting.
He was my father.
What?
This is not how I wanted you to find out. I am so sorry.
Bree, let me explain.
Irina really loved the ring, Mom. That's why she wanted
You can buy me another ring.
You sure? Nana's ring is worth a lot more
Yes, Preston. I know exactly how much it is worth.
But I want your mother to know
So.. Let's eat.
My mother and father met at a bar.
He was single, so was she.
They had one night together, and then he went away.
When she found out she was pregnant, she called him.
He had just met you and said he was in love.
He offered to support her financially,
We are attending my Aunt Flora's 93rd birthday party.
Just tell her I can't come.
She'll be disappointed if we don't show up.
She's 93.
She won't be disappointed for very long.
No, hang on. I followed all the protocols
I made a written record request 72 hours in advance.
I checked the tire pressure on the car.
I even contacted the Centers For Disease Control to find out
FYI, it's none.
Amy, the relationship agreement was not designed
You use it to get your way.
I use it to get the right way.
The fact that the right way is also my way
You gave me your word.
You're coming with me.
Maybe she'll dig it.
Women like a firm hand on the tiller.
I can never find the tiller.
I got a book; it didn't help.
Yeah, I always thought if I were ever enslaved,
Now, I downloaded an app that
You're right.
I'm smart as a whip.
I should be able to figure this out.
Hey, listen, I kind of made plans
Then I thought if I did check with you first,
You don't have to check with me.
Do whatever you want.
I guess I was hoping for a different reaction, but okay.
Really, what were you hoping for?
I don't know,
And that would turn you on a little.
Okay, I'm an actress. Ask me again.
Do you mind if I spend the weekend
Wha.. the entire weekend?
You mean I wouldn't see you at all?
But li..
No, no..
I knew what I was getting into.
You can't put a saddle on Leonard Hofstadter.
Oh, my, is it getting hot in here?
That's why you're lucky to have me.
Back in Omaha, there are two different restaurants
Bernadette, remember, your character's the healer in our group.
You're in charge of healing all of us, not just Howard.
I can't help it.
Ten thousand.
Yeah, I don't think saving people is really for us.
You know? Why don't you take that shit to the cops?
They'll do it for free.
Twenty-five thousand.
Five thousand up front.
Come on inside and meet the boys.
This is what I'm talking about. Clean lines, nothing to profile.
None of that spinner, hydraulic shit to get you lit up.
What I'm talking about, Sal, is you transporting anything and everything
We surely don't mind being your fucking little mule, Don Carlos.
But we gotta talk about our cut.
We're the one doing all the risks.
You know, I just remembered something. I need batteries and toilet paper.
And I need to get that Brad Pitt movie.
The one where he turns back into a fucking baby?
Running low on milk, a few things.
I wonder where I could get all these items in one convenient location?
I love the way you put "fucking" in the middle of a word like that.
I'm gonna start using that shit.
You see, guys, I kind of, uh...
..look at my future empire as the Walmart of bottom-dollar retail crime.
But, you know, we can't all be Sam Walton.
That's my job.
And when my foot soldiers start talking about shit like cuts
And I don't need a partner.
And in your case, Padre,
Coincidentally, where I found you.
Now, Padre, I like you. I really do. I like your son too.
I really appreciate all the shit you've done for me, you know,
But some things, you just have to stop them before they start.
See, partnership leads to ambition.
Ambition leads to a word they don't use much any more.
Mutiny.
Papa, what's that?
It's bad news.
And I'm Brick.
Did you happen to mention that kidnapping ain't exactly what we do?
I was there this morning.
You was at church?
When I saw you guys take out that whole house and walk out without a scratch,
Bull sheet. What the catch?
Yeah. Why didn't you just go to the cops with this?
His voice box was crushed when he was a kid. He can't talk.
And then there's McQueen. Practically illiterate.
He's the baby of the brood. He was well on his way
But he's got a bit of an issue with authority.
Whoo!
That's a mighty fine detective job you've done, son.
So you do know the Oodie Brothers?
Like I said, I know all.
I can't just bring them boys in 'cause some suit from Philadelphia wants me to.
Well, you can if some suit
The longer you stay down here, the more you're going to realise,
No, Sheriff. Listen, I'm just asking for, you know, a little cooperation.
Once this thing gets wrapped up, I'll get out of your hair.
Why don't you let me worry about my county?
We'll be in Dallas by midnight.
I'll drive us until I can't drive no more.
Can you believe she went ahead and paid us five grand up front?
I know, right?
I mean, you'd think she'd have some trust issues, right?
What if we get there and Rob's a baby?
Well, if he's a baby, they got baby junk up there.
Oh, that's smart.
It's not like they're riding around
Besides that, them bullet scars didn't look too fresh on Celeste's belly.
What if there's more than one kid?
Why are you asking me so many
What do you want to know?! What do you want to know?!
How will we know which is Rob? I'm gonna say which one's Rob!
How about that? I'm gonna say, "You know what, I don't want Kevin!
I don't want Michael! No, I don't want Stephen!"
It's a damn simple smash and grab!
We smash whoever's in front of us and we take Rob!
Damn! Plain and simple! What? Sorry, Lincoln.
The last thing I need is for you dumb shits to draw more unneeded attention.
I mean it, Brick. I better not hear shit about your little Texas job.
Keep your ass off the grid.
Don't call my house. Write this number down.
And for the love of God, get rid of that damn cell phone.
Yes, sir. Damn well better.
You mess around and fuck up my pension, that's your ass.
I don't even know you.
Hey!
Check it out, man! Permian Stadium!
It's on the way, man! You want to win, put bubba in!
It's not on the way, jackass.
It is, man! It's Odessa, Texas!
Man! Don't take it out on me because you got your ass chewed.
We got work to do, boys.
I'll get my badge.
I'd like to say it's not as bad as it looks, but...
Major pileup, multiple wounds.
A big rig flipped. Bigger mess.
Do you think he has intra-abdominal injury?
Well, there's one way to find out.
All right, let's get her inside.
I got this. Go.
A bony deformity in the temporal region.
5 centimeter head lac.
Abdomen's clear.
Let's page neuro.
Starting to regret taking that tour of the city today.
No rain.
Thought it was a good idea.
I got more than I bargained for.
Yeah, hey, Dr. Warren here.
Well, you did hit your head pretty good, Lou...
..But we're gonna get you fixed up.
Wasn't my most graceful landing, either.
Yeah, sure. I'll hold.
Pushing 150 of fentanyl.
This should help with the pain.
You know they had a wall at Pike's market
Okay? I do, in fact, know that, Lou. I grew up here.
Thanks.
Where's neuro?
Her vein's collapsed. I can't get in.
Put in a central line.
I got it.
Oh, okay.
Obvious dislocation of the left elbow.
We got some left knee swelling.
It's a security door, Will. That's not gonna work.
Is there another way out?
Oh, my God! We're trapped!
I don't want to do this.
Hold on. Let me think!
Better get on this fucking case.
Okay.
She has other things maybe she ought to be worrying about
I mean, she needs to worry about staying out of her fucking refrigerator.
Nice.
She's losing a huge war against the refrigerator.
What are you talking about? Jack...
She needs to find the fucking treadmill.
Stop it. That is so mean. She's my friend.
Well, she should mind her business.
Okay.
That's why I don't come here.
Which one of the 20 bedrooms am I supposed to be staying in?
Take the second one on the left.
Hey, Ang, it's Jack.
I'm just, uh... Happy Thanksgiving.
I wanted to call you, see how you're doing.
And also because my sister told me
I'm just saying, if you want to know in the future
when we were married.
Hey, Jack, it's Miguel.
Haven't heard from you for a while, so...
Sofia was asking about you.
Thought I'd give you a call and see how you're doing.
Thought maybe we'd have you over..
Hello, Jack, this is Father Edward Devine calling from Bishop Hayes High School.
Will you give me a call back here at the rectory when you get a chance?
What an asshole this guy is.
Yeah, big time.
Let's go. Bring it in.
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Holy shit.
Here we go, here we go.
And that's the truth.
Next time 32 goes over your back like that, put a fucking elbow in his stomach.
Yes, Coach.
And if Childress tries to put you on a poster like that,
I got you.
Have a little fucking pride.
I don't give a shit if we lose every fucking game this year.
Discovered that we're a pressing team.
We don't take any plays off, we don't let 'em breathe.
As soon as they get over half-court, we trap.
Even if the ball's in the middle of the court?
Anywhere and everywhere.
You can't trap if the ball's in the middle of the floor. You need the sideline.
Who says? We can do whatever we want.
Get up!
There you go. There you go. Stay with him!
Pressure, pressure. Don't let him breathe.
There you go.
Trap, trap, trap!
Bring it around. Stay on him.
No! Bullshit!
You're gonna let this rule mess with patient care?
Robbins can take that case.
Thanks. Makes my day real easy.
Well, I'm afraid it's about to get harder.
H.R. wants to talk to you today.
H.R.?
The anonymous harassment complaint
Oh, god.
Yeah, and, legally. H.R. has to investigate,
And that might be the end of it.
And if it's not?
I have no time for this today.
No contact with Murphy, okay?
Hey, Derek! Are you coming by the lab today?
We're starting to lose all our phase two momentum.
Yeah. Actually, they're setting up my new office today.
Oh, you know what? I got to grab a sensor.
The guys are going to duplicate one.
Well, it's better than nothing
All right. Here.
Oh, um, can you make it to round on Alyssa Cramer?
The club-feet girl? She's back?
Yeah, scar revision.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
Hey, um, listen. H.R. wants to talk to me.
The anonymous harassment claim came from Leah Murphy.
All right. You good here?
Yeah. Thank you. Mm-hmm.
I understand that I broke a rule,
Have you cuddled him?
No, I have not.
Well, if I were left in a cardboard box,
Oh, I think I'd want a cardiac cath
He is like a puzzle that I can't solve...
Did a hack job.
Look, it's closing up already.
Um, I'm going to reopen.
Um, prep a balloon catheter.
Did you notice anything about his mitral valve?
I don't know.
Shane, come on.
This is like a puzzle.
I found the corner pieces. I need help with the sky.
The valve leaflets were thickened and shortened.
A parachute mitral valve?
A a grown man.
Not a child whose legs
And failing. I'm sorry. It's true.
And honestly. I mean, before last year,
Okay. So you think this is about you?
It's about Alyssa. It's not about me.
But it's not about you, either.
Why would you say that it's not about me?
You have to really be delicate.
I want to ask you about something,
And, uh, the act of me asking might be breaking them.
You can ask.
There was a complaint.
That's a question?
I thought it might be you.
It wasn't.
I know, but it made me wonder
because I didn't want you to.
I didn't.
Good.
Oh, now that sounds like coercion.
Like I'm telling you how you were supposed to feel.
I didn't take it that way.
Really?
You're not just saying that to curry favor?
Because you never have to do that.
You don't have to get Shepherd coffee
You're too good of a doctor for that.
And when you look back in 10 years,
I don't know if I'll even be a doctor in 10 years.
Oh, shut up. You will. You better.
Now, that's coercion.
That should be you down there.
Who cares? I'm doing an organ recovery.
I'll basically be on general, cardiothoracic,
Wow. I've got to go up to H.R. to fill out an accident report.
Oh, for hitting Robbins with a gurney?
For hitting Jackson with a gurney.
Yeah.
Robbins should be here to see this.
Looks good.
Appendix is holding.
Guys, guys, guys, the knots are coming back.
Mom, I'm bailing on our trip!
I made Dad play and we flew our drone into your face!
A man named Nigel Pickles
I'm gonna go.
Stop!
Sit down!
Clearly, you all have bad news to tell me.
But do you have to dump it on me when I'm in a good mood?
Oh, my God, you did!
That's what the window is!
The one hour a month when I am a human to you people.
Sometimes it's longer.
Let me tell you something.
Save it. I know where I'm not wanted.
And no, I'm not trying to guilt you.
I can't waste the energy on that,
Claire
No! We are going to sit here in silence
No drinking!
For you.
If Mom starts to think the monster sounds familiar,
And hurt Stella's feelings? Think!
Dede? What are you doing here?
Our children are horrible.
I'm sorry to barge in.
I'm the director of the Gilbert Foundation.
Oh, so you're the one who gets to choose the grant winner.
Half a million dollars!
And they're all a good candidate.
Julia runs the selection committee.
and she's very passionate about the candidates.
Sorry. I have a stack of papers on my desk.
I better get going.
Bye.
So, where's your son?
Gil got stuck in Peru.
He's been doing some consulting work for the... . government.
Rough terrain. Sliding down this hill,
And metal dragging over the rocks,
If it was anywhere near the tank.
Puncture, spark, boom.
We're in a ravine at the edge of campus,
No skid marks.
Means the driver didn't pump the brakes
Looks like he went clean over.
That's gasoline.
You know, I don't think this explosion
There's a debris trail here.
Here we go.
Got something here.
This looks like a detonator, Ray.
I think I have another piece of it here, Nick.
Lambert didn't just drive into this ravine.
He had a little help.
We got a point of explosion here.
Okay.
Killer waits for Lambert to leave the party,
That means that the killer was on campus.
Let's get the fragments over to trace,
I found nitrates on the bomb fragments
The last time we saw
Except those devices were more sophisticated.
Yeah, well,
The curved shape would have given the blast
I've recovered a partial serial number
Looks like you got a hit.
Company that makes
Looks like our bell-shaped charge
Shake Alert.
I got one of those.
What do you need with a deaf fire alarm?
Fine.
Are you guys all right?
Yeah, we're fine. We're fine.
You okay?
Yeah.
The paramedics took Julia Holden to the hospital,
Right before the explosion,
place a package on her desk.
You think it was the bomb?
Well, we already know that Michael
The bomb in Dr. Lambert's car didn't give us much,
Yeah.... yeah, maybe enough to pin this on Michael.
Piece of a box.
Looks like the bomb was
You know, most..
package bombs are rigged to explode when you open them,
He's Julia's T.A.
I find it so hard to believe
When I went to take Julia's statement just now,
Do you know what this means?
That means "Sweet pea" In LSQ.
It's Quebec Sign Language.
Well, you're right, Sean,
Thank you very much. It's okay.
But we didn't give you a polygraph,
It actually measures your brain's response to sound.
During the test, we played a series of clicking sounds.
You acted as though you didn't hear them,
The spikes in your brain wave
You're not deaf, Sean. You're a fraud.
You're also a killer.
Sean Wyatt still isn I talking,
So he faked being deaf
And if Dr. Lambert found out that he was a fraud,
Well, Sean lied about being deaf,
His real name is Sean Wvatt Leblanc,
Something that no one on the campus would understand.
My career has been my life.
I didn't realize how lonely I was.
We.... we all have this need
And when we do,
He was using me.
I'm sorry, Julia.
Is there anything that you know about Sean?
Anything that might help us?
But they shouldn't be hard to get.
Where can I find this guy?
We leave tomorrow.
This
Getting out of the cell block
The grate and bars are weak,
That's why I figured out the safest
We do it in the day,
The perimeter guards are less predictable,
It's the only way to avoid the jeep patrol.
Now, in the yard tomorrow, there's a soccer game at 2:00.
That should prove some distraction inside.
And yesterday when we were digging,
Looked like he turned away,
It's not much of a break.
No, but it is
If we're going to get around these guys,
It's not going to be easy.
There's only one real road that goes to the prison.
We don't want a real road that's not an option.
What?
Your brother's cutting it close.
You said a week.
Tomorrow's Wednesday, you didn't leave much room for error.
You want it? Cause I'll keep it.
Let's get this done.
We're gonna have to watch both guards simultaneously.
Your cell should provide
Keep track of everything he does and when he does it.
Look for that glare, see if it shows up again.
What will you be doing?
Watching the other tower from here.
Go take a walk.
When'd you meet your boyfriend, Whistler?
My last year of school.
I worked in this place in San Isabel.
He used to come around
Hitting on the waitress. That's romantic.
He ist
His mother lives there in a retirement home.
What's going on?
Out of the car, Juan Bobo
You need to sign in
I was just about to.
Have you read the rulebook?
Yes, sir.
Read it again.
On the other side, when we get out of here,
We're gonna meet someone from this company
And then they're gonna kill me.
You know that.
If they wanted to kill you.
you'd already be dead.
I don't see why they keep me alive.
It's like you said you've got something they want.
Once I give it to them, I'll be no use to them.
Right?
I don't have all the answers.
All I know is it's my job to get you out of here.
Let's go.
Wash my feet.
So what do we do now?
I don't know.
Well, I'm afraid that's not good enough.
Please just give me a moment to think.
Wasting time is not an option for me, Michael.
I need to be out of here by tomorrow.
That's my trip log, I've told you.
I need to retrace my steps.
I'm doing everything they tell me, the same thing you are.
just, just leave me alone, please.
You know, before I was arrested,
They know the name of everyone I care about
Well, they already found everyone I care out. Okay?
If you can't get me out of here, tell me now.
because time is running out.
Huh?
Look, it's hot today.
Yeah.
Prefer the heat than the cold any day.
You know my brother and I wanted to come
When this is all over, why don't you do it?
Too much bad stuff's happened.
Still, you can make it work.
It's only gonna work if if Whistler cooperates.
he plays games, people get hurt.
But if he can't fix it, it might be time
Like my nana.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're out of order.
Sweet mercy! Without Ralph, we're doomed!
They're going to pull our plug!
Okay, everybody, calm down.
Ralph probably fell asleep
See? There he is now.
You're not from here, are you?
No, well, yeah. I mean, not from right in this area.
I'm just doing some work here.
What kind of work?
Some routine candy tree trimming.
You probably want to stand back.
In fact, this whole area
Who's "we"?
Candy tree department.
Oh! Where is everybody else?
Ah, it's just me today.
So you just meant like the royal "we"?
Yep. That's right.
Hey, are you a hobo?
No. I'm not a hobo, but I am busy.
Okay? So you go home.
What's that? Didn't hear you.
Your breath is so bad it made my ears numb.
Listen, I tried to be nice.
I tried to be nice.
Sour Bill, that glitch cannot be allowed to race!
And bring that thing to my castle.
Guys! She took...
Or-e-oh Oreo!
Or-e-oh
Mm-kay.
Milk my duds! It's Wreck-It Ralph?
Yeah. Who are you, the guy that makes the donuts?
Please. No. I'm King Candy!
I see you're a fan of pink.
Salmon. Salmon, that's obviously...
What are you doing here?
Just get me out of this cupcake,
Your medal? Bad guys don't win medals.
Well, this one did.
I earned it over in Hero's Duty.
You game-jumped?
Ralph, you're not going Turbo, are you?
What? No, no.
Because if you think you can come in here to my kingdom
It's not my fault one of your children
"Children of the candy corn"? Who'd..
The Glitch!
The coin she used to buy her way into the race.
That was your medal?
She did what? I need that back!
Well, I'm afraid I can't help you. It's gone, you know.
It's nothing but code now.
It will stay that way until someone wins the cup
Maybe I'll have to have a little talk
Is that a threat I smell?
If I ever see you here again, Wreck-It Ralph,
Fungeon?
Fun dungeon, you know? It's a play on words.
It's the..
Never mind! I've got a glitch to deal with, thanks to you.
Goodbye, Wreck-it Ralph! It hasn't been a pleasure.
This thing is hard as a rock.
I can see that.
Check her out.
Oh, Vanellope, it's so... You.
But you have to back out of the race. Yeah.
Oh, no, I don't,
So, yeah, I'm definitely racing.
Yeah, well, King Candy says glitches can't race.
Stop it! Stop! You're breaking it!
Please!
I just want to race like you guys.
You will never be a racer because you're a glitch.
And that's all you'll ever be!
Hey! Leave her alone!
Let's get out of here!
Before I throw you in the mud!
What are you looking at?
You're welcome, you rotten little thief.
I'm not a thief! I just borrowed your stupid coin.
I was going to give it back to you as soon as I won the race.
It's not a coin. It is a medal
Just go back to your own dumb game and win another one.
I can't. I didn't win it in my game.
I won it in Hero's Duty.
You're never going to break..
Huh.
Enjoy your little tantrum, diaper baby?
Leave me alone.
Look, you want that medal, right? And I want to race.
So here's what I'm thinking.
You help me get a new cart..A real cart...
And I'll win the race and get you back your medal.
You want me to help you?
All you got to do is break something for me.
Come on. What do you say, friend?
We are not friends.
Oh, come on, pal. You son of a gun.
Come on, buddy. Let's shake on it.
Ralph, my man. My main man.
Hey!
My arm's getting tired. Do we have a deal or not?
You better win.
Well, I'll say this much,
There's the shuttle.
Is he in there?
Nope. Lucky for him.
Otherwise I would have slapped his corpse.
No Cy-Bug, either.
Got to find it before it lays its filthy eggs.
It came this way,
Can't get a read on it.
So what is it with this Wreck-It joker?
Why did he go AWOL?
I wish I knew, ma'am.
Going on about cake and medals...
But I never thought he'd go Turbo.
"Go Turbo'"?
That's right, you guys just got plugged in.
Well, back when the arcade first opened,
And Turbo.. Turbo
I probably can't have children.
What is wrong with her?
She just had her carpet steam-cleaned.
You two still haven't figured out this machine?
Move away. I'm Asian and a man.
I'm good with this kind of stuff.
Well, Han, actually, it's pretty dangerous.
Hey, Han's a man, according to recent lore.
Let him save the day.
Okay, let's see. Here's the steam one.
My neck!
It burned my neck!
And that was my best feature.
Luckily you're not taller.
You would've burned your vagina.
That cappuccino machine might have just
Caroline, I know this might not be a good time.
But what did Sophie say?
I'm sorry, Oleg. Sophie's moved on.
She's seeing other men.
Yeah, but not in your neighborhood.
She's classy.
She had the decency to do it on a stoop in Staten Island.
She went to the island without me?
We were going to travel the world together.
Oleg:
Says the man who cooks the food.
Hey, what's this area back there?
Uh, it's our closet, why?
I should check it out.
I'm always looking for places
Is Oleg in here?
I thought I smelled him.
That delicious mix of man and butter.
Oleg's in the closet.
Oh, honey, I could've told you that.
Really, luis, Oleg is straight.
Wait till you see what happens
No, no, no, no, no, no, I work for a diner.
I don't work for you.
Don't bring me into your drama.
Oh, I have to get this.
It's my mother. She's on death watch.
But we used to have the same machine
Mami, como esta su lou gehrig's?
No, I am not working at Starbucks.
That's not what I was gonna say.
Just for two hours.
We can quit after we learn how to work this damn machine.
Press here for an ounce of grounds.
Tamp it in, pack it down, turn it on.
I didn't get that, did you?
Honestly, all I heard was group head.
So you tamp, pack, turn the knob,
Place the steam wand halfway in the pitcher
So what you're saying is it's easier to make meth?
Syrups, powders, whipped cream is right here.
You ever work with one of these?
I think I can handle it. I went to Wharton.
Well, I went to Harvard.
Small scrap, nipple slap, half half.
That's not what I said.
Tall cap triple-shot half caf?
Girl, you're good at this.
You should work at Starbucks.
I am good. I think I'm getting the hang of this.
This thing hates women so much,
Or Ohio.
Or, to be honest, most of America.
I'll have a tall drip, extra hot.
Uh, what's your name?
Can you two explain what this is?
I'd say it's pretty obvious.
That's a penis wearing a hat.
Why?
Because it's bald and a little insecure.
That state department agent wants to meet
Chania, please?
Thank you.
It is safe here.
I use when I come.
You got any food for him?
Come, it's in the boat.
Who are you working for, really?
And why were you trying to take out Kaniel Outis?
Never thought I'd see this face again.
You weren't supposed to.
Why?
I'll tell you everything you want to know.
And it's a mistake to lie to me.
Ican have you prosecuted.
I have a contact at the NSA and she gave me proof.
You're not calling him junior, are you?
I promised you I would never do that.
He's an amazing kid.
I knew I was being set up.
He was tightening his control over me,
At least, that's what he thought.
When I knew Poseidon had gone rogue
You're not.
We got it, Sucre. Get to crete.
He's not gonna hurt Mike.
not unless he suspects you know who he really is.
If you remove his mask,
You know him better than I do.
That's the point, no one knows him.
So, what do I do?
You play his game. You wear your own mask.
As soon as you get a chance to get away with Mike,
I'll get to the states as soon as I can.
Hmm.
Yeah?
We spoke to our man at the Pentagon.
A naval alert just went out.
Kaniel Outis has been located
It was reported by the ship's captain.
What's the Navy gonna do about it?
So, when I was a teenager,
Ran into a few bodies:
And all of them were named Anthony.
Back in the good old days, when the Mob really knew
Ah, yeah.
Probable internal head trauma on that side.
Interesting pattern to this wound.
Maybe he hit his head on the rocks?
Well, it's an L-shaped wound, so, not a rock.
Probably a pistol butt.
That means he was dead before he hit the water
Well, maybe there was a struggle at the edge of the water.
Or a body dump.
Shirt's torn.
Ambient temp's 97, water's 107,
So, calculated PMI is four to seven hours.
Well, air unit didn't see any other cars,
Guy's out here in the middle of nowhere
How'd he get out here?
And who was he with?
How's it going?
Found a bloody print on the inside of the box.
Blood's not human.
It's all goat's blood?
Well, as soon as they develop
But in the meantime, the print's pretty good.
It's got a right-slant loop, a core and a delta.
I've been downloading
You got to see this.
That's my goat.
You sure?
Yeah, the left horn is damaged, just like the one I found.
See there?
Hey, did you get latitude and longitude within the metadata?
Sorry. Haven't gotten that far yet.
I was getting a little excited!
That's right down the road from Walter Burns' property.
Well, maybe his neighbor's got the rest of your billy goat.
And the nine millimeter
You think he killed Walter Burns
I'll ask him when I get there.
I'll run the print.
All right.
Gas company's drilling right in his lap.
I checked out the owner of this place, Bill Gibson.
No priors. He's been here for 40 years.
His work card's on file.
Well, if his prints are on that box,
It's not exactly a thriving enterprise.
I didn't see any livestock.
What do you got, Nick?
No oil leak.
But he could've fixed it by now.
Let's see if Mr. Gibson's here.
Oh, and now you folks
We only want to understand what's going on.
You want to understand?
Let me show you.
I don't see any evidence of
I don't mean to insult your intelligence,
Wasn't there a river in Ohio a long time ago
The Cuyahoga, just outside of Cleveland.
You know, I had a cousin who lived there.
Gibson and Burns tried to do something about it.
Did you know they were both sick?
Lots of sick people in Cable Springs.
Have you seen your doctor recently?
Yeah.
You can read about it in my article.
Which is coming out when?
Unfortunately, all my sources keep dying on me.
And I'm still missing one crucial piece of the puzzle.
Have you ever heard of "Fracking"?
Sounds like a sci-fi expletive.
Look it up.
And then give me a call.
Very well.
I'm not gonna touch anything.
Good.
Those the results from the water samples?
Yeah.
Hand 'em over.
I analyzed the sample we collected from Mr. Gibson's well.
The slides confirm Walter Burns
I pulled the clinical autopsy reports
Because maybe.. they were drinking bad water.
This is the analysis from the water found
You see, it's the same toxins,
So Walter Burns
If these chemicals are in the water supply in Cable Springs,
We need to warn people.
And tell them what?
A water sample from one well
I found it.
What?
They drill until they hit gas-bearing shale.
Then they pump millions of gallons of water, sand
This creates miniature earthquakes
So they're drilling right through the aquifer in Cable Springs,
What happens to all the chemicals they put down the hole?
Well, have a look at this.
The valve's loose, about a quarter turn.
Almost never happens without human intervention.
I think somebody set up our trucker Cody Trimble
Slow leak. Tire goes down.
Trimble gets out to fix his tire,
And that takes care of Conservo's only loose end.
This wasn't an accident.
Firing one.
That's some blood on the lanyard ring.
And what looks like some hair.
It's the same color as Walter Burns' hair.
I think we know what made Walter Burns' head wound.
So Burns hopped the fence at Conservo Solutions,
But what he got was a Beretta to the head.
He drowned in that pool,
Cody Trimble drove Walter's body out to the hot springs.
Which we confirmed by the blood we found in Cody's truck.
Right. So...
a Conservo Solutions trucker with no priors
He then takes a hit for the home team?
That's some serious company loyalty.
Thank you, gentlemen.
That's it. Case closed.
What? Seriously?
You're going to let some corporate lawyers
No. They're not telling you. I'm telling you.
You got your evidence. You got the bad guy.
Justice has been served.
Well, we still need a water sample
For what?
Because Walter Burns drowned in
You don't need a sample,
Killer's dead.
But this has nothing to do with that show,
Well, Leonard and Penny are our best friends.
They know us better than anyone.
They said it's the perfect gift.
We must be missing something.
You don't..
think it's a marital aid, do you?
Don't be silly.
Amy, how is this big glass shaft going to aid our marriage?
Do you think when Krypto the Superdog is out flying,
Hmm. Haven't really thought about it before.
Relax, Han.
Nobody's gonna die
In fact, they're more likely to die
Late, and with an attitude.
You think you're too good for the diner?
Of course she thinks that.
I think sourdough bread is too good for this diner.
Well, what other career option do you have, Caroline?
Hmm, let's see. Cupcakes?
No, wait, your shop didn't last six months.
Don't go there, Han.
Oh, I'm already there. And now I'm back.
Why so moody. Han?
You know we have to bury those mitts now.
And we have to tell them to stop
Probably a 7-10 split.
And now they're not making noise.
It's like when you go to the zoo,
It's Max and Caroline.
Your ball came into our yard again.
Hi. Yeah, it's not a good time.
Uh, we're role-playing.
and, obviously, I'm Beyonce.
Hey. Jay Z?
Look at all the single ladies.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Jay Z and I have a lot in common.
He bought the Brooklyn Nets.
I'm not surprised that you're Jay Z and Beyonce,
Where should I put this?
Oh, well, I'll tell you what I told him.
Put it anywhere You want.
So that's basically our ball at this point.
Look, you two may be crazy in love,
Crazy in love?
Oh, come on. We're not in love.
I wouldn't say that's all we are.
Oh, no, you're right.
We also share a CVS points reward card.
Is it really a reward if it comes from CVS?
Can't you two ever do it over at Oleg's apartment?
Or are all the lanes reserved?
I have no idea where he lives.
Wait, you've never been to Oleg's apartment?
No, with my busy work schedule,
You'd be surprised by my apartment, Sophie.
It's more than just the place
Yeah, well, That sounds nice.
I don't have access to the pills I need
Any advice or pills?
Well, let's see. We are kind of like a family here,
And you didn't use my college fund
And in my family,
But if that didn't work,
You know, what used to be known as good parenting.
Come over tomorrow.
Caroline Will be at Oleg's.
We can get-stoned and watch a movie.
The last time I was stoned
Well, those wiggle shows do get crazy.
Look at us, Max,
Yeah, and where is my homey?
Oh, it's this way.
I can smell the AXE body spray.
Now, what movie should we watch?
I brought Shrek, Shrek 2,
Is there one where Shrek has cancer?
What are you guys doing here?
What is Caroline doing here?
You said she was going to be at Oleg's.
I am at Oleg's.
You guys live with Oleg?
You told him this was our apartment?
As a wise person once told me,
I'm not letting anyone leave
I don't understand.
Are we not smoking weed?
Oh, I already did.
I don't know what his problem is.
He fired me for missing 20 minutes of work.
Why doesn't he fire himself for missing puberty?
Let it go, Han.
She spent her morning dusting a strap-on.
I didn't fire you because you were late.
All right, well, apparently,
and now this pig is as cold as your family is gonna be
Okay, this is bad.
My dad does not like to be pork teased.
Well, maybe we can get a replacement pig.
I started hanging out at circus bars until we met.
The attraction was immediate.
He was older, always in command of a room,
We dated for six months.
He transformed me
And then, he suddenly disappeared.
No goodbye. No note.
Just some peanut shells on the floor
I know it's stupid.
Not to mention the fact that Joe gets Claire in the deal.
She's a fantastic mother.
Runs a company, hell of a role model.
He could never do better than that for a mother.
You know what, Phil and Claire have already raised their kids.
I think it's time for them to travel.
There.
That's where my disappear bag was hanging!
You have, like, a hundred missed calls from Gloria.
You have to come back right now.
Is everything okay?
What?
There must be a bus stop nearby.
Until then, just act normal
Okay, why are you whispering only part of a sentence?
That's going to attract attention.
Really?
Me, obviously.
Ay, Manny, you're too young.
Besides, you're about to start your new life soon.
Yeah, you should be out sowing your oats
That's something you like.
I don't see what the big deal is.
I'd hire a nanny, sell the house, downsize to a condo.
I'm thinking maybe a loft in an up-and-coming arts district.
Sure, it'll take me a bit longer to finish college,
The main thing is, he's my brother.
I'm not letting anybody else raise him.
Ay. Manny. You're so sweet.
Am I the only one unsettled
Oh, we forgot to put the apple the new pig's mouth.
Oh, just leave it.
Now that's your answer to everything, isn't it?
I deserve that.
I was a fool to think I could get through this
Well, you broke my heart.
I just had to protect myself.
When we first met, you were just...
pure, raw potential.
Your Missouri twang.
The innocent way your shirt cuffs
We haven't heard from him since.
I'm on it.
A reliable source told me where I can find him.
Call me when you have him.
I'm not going to call you.
Just call me! It's a simple extraction.
Get Ruiz out of there
I got this, Dad!
You know me, I have a gentle touch.
Shit! Not again.
What's up with the Camazotz crap, huh?
The B.P.R.D. sends you down here,
I miss you, man.
Come on, I'm here to bring you back in.
Come on, buddy, let's go.
So come on, bring me in.
Okay.
Okay. Hey, what happened to you, man?
What's with the get-up, huh?
Training? Training for what?
To kill you!
Okay. Hang on to that for me.
You look good in purple.
Ouch!
It's been a lot of fun.
Can we get out of here?
What did they do to you?
Ruiz! Let's have a drink and talk about this!
You're a good agent!
Buddy, come on. Come on, don't you remember?
You mean, we don't all just deserve a little gentle horn shave
You're different.
You always have been.
If my face could talk, it would disagree with you.
I think it's a beautiful face.
The end is coming. The end of what?
I don't know. Those were Ruiz's last words.
That and something about Anung nun...
Does it ring any bells?
Missed one.
Bollocks!
You'll have to eat around the burnt bits.
And lucky for you, too.
If it weren't for the dead, I never would've found you.
We're the line in the sand.
That's the thing about sand,
Guys!
If we weren't here,
You know, maybe if humans weren't so keen
That's a false equivalence and you know it.
There's gotta be another way.
The answer to every threat we face
There's gotta be a world where monsters
That is not what I want.
I want an army,
I want the forgotten people out of the dark!
Those who have lived in dust,
That is what I want. Give me an army like that
Now, please tell me where the fuck they are!
I need to see some ID, love.
The infection rate is much higher than initially...
You gonna tell us what happened down there?
Where's Gandalf?
He's dead. He offered me the sword, Excalibur.
He said it was the only way to kill the Blood Queen.
All right, so where is it?
I didn't take the sword.
Mr. Lincoln, you are full of surprises.
Miss Todd, you have no idea.
Dear Abraham.
I've made a deposit at the local bank.
Be careful, it can quickly disappear.
Henry, there are more than I ever thought possible.
Mom, is it okay, if Michael comes to the yard sale?"
So? Why don't you like my boyfriend?
I do like him.
I'm just 90% sure he's 100% gay.
Yes, when Michael took me to prom,
But then... we made out.
A couple times.
There was even a little.. under-the-shirt action.
His chest is very smooth.
Heads up! Coming through!
I am glad you're finally getting rid of that thing.
What? I'm not selling this bad boy.
I was gonna meet you at your dad's
You know, something farm or Kelly Clarkson-themed?
Or...
I've already done so much with that motif.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know what? No, sell 'em! I wanna purge,
Oh, every time. Every time he loses weight,
And then when he puts the weight back on,
Where you think you're going with those?
Oh, these aren't for sale.
Hey, this is for charity.
You know you're taking those jeans out of the hands
You know they're not getting the actual jeans, right, Luke?
Oh. Right. Well, then how about a donation?
20 bucks?
